No. We should remember very clearly that just admitted to treason .
‘Central Park Five’ Prosecutor Elizabeth Lederer Out at Columbia Law School
I don’t know how much more I can take! is a compulsive liar!
Good work keep going just destroy the whole fucking world cup
. ICC on Dhoni's gloves Vs .ICC planning the World Cup
Disgusting! And they don’t change their culture or come up with vetting system or preventative ways to stop this from occurring. This will continue to happen. The Catholic Church needs to go!
fuck you and go fuck yourself you piece of shit someone get this asshole a jail cell for his birthday
Of all the retired NFL players, why is it that you DON’T suffer from CTE? You should be at the bottom of a pool you mistook for an elevator.
This crazy Manbaby will probably paint it gold. Not gawdy at all. ┌∏┐ (•˽•)┌∏┐
This is everything.
Hey Trump ! These lovely ladies got something to tell ya ....
I love this bill, I think they should start printing them
So basically he’s not vegan
The world will rejoice when you die.
Maybe should take his lips off your ass, read the report, and get with the dems and everyone else with half a brain and get YOU out of the White House! 🤷‍️
This world cup should be ban !! Rain rain rain motherfuckerr ICC Shift this world to another country or ban this world cup
🤣🤣 LMAO at the shoe-lifts, girdle-butt stance. Pathetic. But for the vomitus of lies he spews and crimes he commits🤬🤮🤬
Destroy our country? More like defending our country against a treasonous traitor in the white house!
What it is that we will do anything to get trump the hell out there EXCEPT CHEAT LIKE TRUMP DID!!!!
So it looks like the lying incompetent homophobic racist will be the next leader...well at least we’ll get a eh Boris?
He’s had the worst numbers of any president ever. Theres not much “Lower” to go.
Fck the US tho and
This is one of the worst times to be American, because you are causing serious damage to our country. I sure don't wish you a Happy Father's Day, because everyone knows you're a terrible father.
Trump doesn’t know what the Hell he is talking about!!!! He can’t help but spew B*llshit!!! He’s a Disgrace &amp; can not get here fast enough!
Dukarr 🇵🇰 Mullah's drying for business deals with 🇮🇳️ Bloody beggar's Allah ke naam de de, Chalo tamatar toh dedo !!
You are a crook and a national embarrassment. Happy
a 'Johnson' is slang for a penis.
“I was such an amazing quarterback in high school, that I can tell you. Watch these year old videos...” Dolt45 loves to prove over and over again what a PATHETIC LOSER he is. Can you please for one day show just a little bit of class?
Some of the GOP in Congress I find utterly disgusting. It’s almost impossible to listen to them try to justify fucked up trump. It’s really disheartening
The great thing about all the Nazis, right wingers, alt right types and the rest of the fascist maggots on Twitter is this: you can BLOCK them and UNFOLLOW them. It’s really makes me happy not to deal with or see their bullshit
Now we can add to the resume of , , , and serial sexual predator of women ! via
He is so fucking stupid.
Trump is a traitor. Period.
ICC is earning billions from this event, but at the management level they performance is zero. Even a small company manager can handle such events more efficiently then ICC.
You do know that . alias Steve Bray, is making a fortune off of crowd funding ?
TRAITOR
Pete Hogsbreath is in Dotard Donald Trump’s club for Adulterous Daddies!
Trump is a piece of Well I was serving proudly he was playing Captain Bone Spurr’s at Studio in NY Spending his Daddy’s money prowling for women like Ivanka And Melania The Purple heart he has he took from a veteran and stated that was the easy way to get it
It's not a presidency it's a Trump crime spree.
how this country produce such rectums ? surgical strike surgical strike down shamelessly returned capture pilot in Hrs (that to announced by the ) now on ventilator of package from way to go.
Fuck me, do we really want the idiot in charge of the country when he can’t even function as a mayor?
Did you tell them How you voted to repeal sanctions against Oleg Deripaska and Rusal? Cant wait to Vote you out!
Have to say, a great benefit to having a known pathological liar as president is when he tries to start a war, no one believes him
innocent people, especially those in a drastically higher power bracket, DO NOT PAY! let's face it: is a fucking hollywood has enabled him to prey on young men for DECADES hope karma comes for him and his enablers
Don’t think and beat writers understand that the fans don’t want Kyrie back and didn’t want to trade the world for a one year rental. Davis going to LA with them giving up major haul is a sign of relief for Celtics fans
The way things are going, ‘s line ‘F*ck the government and F*ck Boris’ is more relevant than ever! 🤣
Its a shame when is attacking , has to behave like this....
Am I the only one who feels like it’s no longer a question of if , but rather if Republicans are still Americans?
Cheers for the unblock to tweet that... You’re a dickhead as well ...
'Well, even his “friendly” Fox &amp; Friends were on him about what he said originally... he had to backtrack... He is a very dangerous man.'
Keeping it all in the fucked-up family.
Because this administration isn’t already doing enough to kill things beautiful and pure to diminish this planet. Fuck you
Change your name to 'Amaal-Armaan' fanpage Begging attention from their school going fans to get RT's and followers lol Chutiya samajh rakha hai logo ko?
Sick motherfuckers! &amp;
If I try to support you, but you just be an ass in return, then fuck you anyways. because I don't like asses regardless of who they are. also
people, we have to stop this fake activist troll from ruining our movement.
Seriously, can we just get rid of this dumbass already?? What does this pos have to do before we impeach his ass and see him off to prison??
Proven that is in support of terror mob and in favor of changing demography of Bengal. CM is zaddi and same working like Hitler.
We need to understand ICC rules correctly It can only allow terror sponsering countries to play, but not the Army insignia.
Just watched this guy spray the crap from his curb to the curb of his next door neighbor.
But have a 'mandate'?
Holy Sh*t between and I don’t know who is the bigger
Disgusting! And they don’t change their culture or come up with vetting system or preventative ways to stop this from occurring. This will continue to happen. The Catholic Church needs to go!
Resign now motherfucker!
If that Bengali Jihadi $lu7 catches any illness, no doctor must treat her. She should suffer from non-treatment and face consequences!
You literally admitted you’d commit a felony to get elected. Barr, if he actually followed the law, would have arrested you. Stop harassing America. PS: We all know Iran is innocent and you are just trying to distract from your latest felony.
is not a harmless buffoon. he is a cold, calculating, vile man who uses his persona to get away with his racism, homophobia and elitism. Oh and he’s soon to be our new prime minster, help us all
Maybe you can hire the ex cons to perform with you in your sex tape enterprises. Dog Vomit Trump and his porn star presidency. Horseshit.
I'm 'OK' with it! Christopher Steele was so concerned about what he was finding that he contacted FBI, right?! That's what the TRUMP CAMPAIGN &amp; TRUMP FAMILY SHOULD HAVE DONE!
I am crushed that no one is calling attention to the lie that told about being a convict!!! See the short clip to confirm that Administration is lying.
You belong in jail and then in hell
Don't know y no rain in England's match . Does this is fixed ? th match of England but no rain or a drop of water in there games 🤨 . I think that and had fixed the for them .
Fact One and attend Eton and Oxford becomes Foreign office Diplomat awarded OBE for services in Afghanistan becomes Times Newspaper Columnist sacked for deception
Following OJ Simpson would be entertaining but I dont need to follow a murderer sociopath when people like his tweets and he's automatically on my TL. He is crazy! Just saw him rambling about Kloe K. Damn why isn't he locked up
Boris isn't even PM yet but he is already destroying trade with the EU and enriching his friends - We know what type of Boris we will get - Inept, indolent and offensive - a UK Trump without ANY of the economic firepower Nutter!
He’s also lied, cheated, committed crimes against America, broken emoluments laws, nepotism, spread his corruption, conspired with Russia, and banked millions of our tax dollars while you dumbf**ks cheer -You have become his accomplices
I went looking for dickheads this weekend and I found you.
A lip reader has reported what Trump was saying to - 'In fact, your Royal Majestyness. Mine has been confirmed by historians to be the biggest dick of all the American presidents. True, the biggest &amp; the best...'.
Fifteen AGs slam Trump move to limit federal authority under Clean Water Act Trumperrhoids like their swamp deep dirty and toxic. If you are downstream from a Trumperrhoid, fuck off, they don't care.
Seriously what the fuck is up this his hair line that shit is disgusting I hate this motherfucker
Since is the BIGGEST deadbeat fraud, what he calls a fraud is what the rest of humanity not kiSsing his rectum calls . And we ALL know Trump CAN'T HANDLE THE TRUTH!
Well I would Rory but my MP is anne-marie trevelyan, the opportunistic bitch that is running the fuckwit's campaign. What would you suggest I do now? Some good will come of it though. The tories are finished...
So well said. I totally agree with every word. The White House is full of corrupt habitual liars. and his pathetic puppets.
Such a hypocrite and liar you are Mr. Selected PM . Why don't you accept you failed miserably in past months? Stop crying about past. Show progress or go home. You could not achieve any of your -2019 set goals.
i screamed into the void listening to Maddow this morning and the clips of that asshat saying he would gladly take foreign help. like we don't already know. so yeah. i'm fucking angry too. we're all angry. and we fucking should be.
AMERICA NEEDS A NEW PRESIDENT ASAP. TRUMP IS A TRAITOR. WILL ONLY GET WORSE! go off and die like an old diseased riddled dog you ARE YOU ABSOLUTE POS
🤮Fuck you. YOU are the reason this bill was delayed for so long, because YOU did not want to give Puerto Rico any more help. .
Tommy is spot on I didn't think he had it in him also fuck off curtis
and fuck all his racist supporters too!!
WE HAVE BEEN WAITING FOR IMPEACHMENT. YOU'RE A TRAITOR, TOO.
What a fucking idiotic thing to do! Threaten proper journalists for supposedly being biased while working for one of the worst disinformation newspapers around!
Just a daily reminder to that he is a National Disgrace.
. Quizmaster... A quiz for you. Ask your moronic boss to solve n behave
Remain know he’s bad, he couldn’t win an election, he’s atrocious. Remain Tories trying to hang on to their dwindling influence.
I feel the same way - if you support this corruption and cruelty F off forever!
Brexit Boris Johnson When will Bullshit Boris be allowed to open his mouth and derail his campaign?
Moron.. Wen u will talk about India.. And not restrict u r self to a party.. Think beyond party.. Think beyond congress.. Think for poor people. Think for.. Developing India.. U ..
She a LIAR JUST LIKE U. U GOING DOWN SHE LEAVING U BE IT HAPPENS
Why is still in a feud with the Mayor of London? Seriously. is SUCH a petty, disgusting, failure of a human being that he seems to be incapable of letting ANYTHING go.
This proves that is the biggest hacker of
That was the worst day of our lives. The coward has been ruining America ever since.
Great, I've gotten several tickets to your show. I then wipped my ass with them and burnt them.
looking desperately for that attention he craves
How does a piece of shit like have followers?
Listening to go off on Germany, bitching about the Iran deal, making shit up about Venezuela, and how he’s always right. How in the living fuck did we get into this mess?
Unbelievable. Our government actually wants you to let people die. I fucking despise trump and the crime syndicate Republican Party. It’s all just sickening!
I am so happy to have this opportunity to tell you what a mephitic shitrendous soulless ball sac you are.
Totally washed out due to that rain reason. U r fucking guys y u r keeping this world cup in England ... I know It's a developed country , but for sports full of unhappiness..So go and sit in the room and watching Tv that's the only work u r always doing mother fuck
Some things never change! Repost profthuggy What’s Pissing Me Off Today? Shittiest Person in the World, Jr. …
IMPEACH DONALD TRUMP.
Fuck Trump.
and yeah
Blaming Joe Biden? Proves you’re truly . Best of luck. , and . Democrats have a plan. Republicans have a plan.
What rules you are referring? Rules of having namaz in the play ground? We can understand your feeling.
yo, fuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuck trump. y'all's president is TRASH!!!!!!
Dear ICC, please don't forget that BCCI is your father..... So,mind on your business.... Do better umpiring....
A billion Cricket fans waited four years to watch how it rains in England
This is the man that you think will make a great for fucks sake, God help us
Poorest management of Need to change venues Please take a look of geographical And environmental conditions Not only on gloves.....
Looks like somebody doesn't understand what Treason is.
Retweets Extremist &amp; Gets Exactly What He Deserves
Because dictators love stupid populations- right ?
No less than he deserves. Boris Johnson (or Boorish Johnson as I call him) is unfit to be our next Prime Minister.
Labour MP Wes Streeting listed on Twitter the various occasion Boris Johnson made fantasy claims, broke promises and launched eensive ‘vanity projects’ as Mayor of London. Time to fact-check Boris Johnson’s mayoralty.
So basically does not tell the truth. Not only does he not tell the truth, he made promises that he came nowhere close to delivering and does not seem to care. What is his motivation? It is unlikely to be your welfare.
Uh. No. He thought he'd make it big, he had no intention of losing any money and if he has, it was because he eed himself as the conman most of us knew he is. These two assholes are either conned or are conmen themselves.
ANOTHER ONERY DEM.....
This world cup should be ban !! Rain rain rain motherfuckerr ICC Shift this world to another country or ban this world cup
Group Wants Dems to Kavanaugh for
would be better off with this:
Farewell ! Your lies for the asshole POTUS Will NEVER be missed.
sick f**ks
happy birthday you racist dumbass!!! I’m having tacos for lunch in your honor. And here’s a picture of your favorite senator.
That's really clever. Have you ever thought of writing something
Yesterday Congress : blood donations are necessary blah blah blah Today Congress : snubbed on injustice on doctors in wb Shame on u so called national opposition
SHOULD JUST FUCK KIM JONG UN ALREADY &amp; GET IT OFF HIS CHEST !
When you really like a certain celebrity and then they come out as an 🤦‍️ How embarrassing
should be brought under GoI control. Full of corrupt, compromised cowards who for the sake of money always letting us patriots down. Failed to take head-on in this matter of national pride. Shame!!.
NO SHIT, SHERLOCK! wants impeachment. . .it’s more attention and he can play “poor me.”
This is the day that reminds the world that should have been aborted. and while I’m at it for being a whore that fucks this piece of after birth abortion
Sit his ass down! Tape his fingers and duct-tape his mouth. Then throw him in a cage with the immigrants. Problem solved! Such a vision. America, Free of Trump. Darn, I just woke up. Dems will do nothing.
Oye!!!, Islamic Cricket Council aka ICC ban this thing too (watch video). Also stop eating lays chips all the time, do some constructive work.
I love you !!!! Thank you for your support!!!
Rallies will be held across tomorrow for of . Check local for details. Prove that we do not tolerate the hatred that has crippled this country
This is a standard process for all dictators to remove the free press from society. No doubt got this from the only book he has read, 'Mein Kampf'.
? Nope. GO FUCK YOURSELF is more like it.
just flat out admitted he’s a
can support a terrorist country()to participate in wc tournament but they refushed a true country lover sir to wear his 'Balidaan' sign gloves. 🤘🤘 🇮🇳🇮🇳🇮🇳
is really lost her mind n plot completely.. She has cross psychic levels to satisfy the minority as what she feels can keep her in power but sadly not..
I know quite a few people who would like to 'get even' with you You did it, you admitted it, and you deserve to rot.
This is why i love this motherfucker... Shuts people down easily
He said it again, No Collusion, No obstruction. What innocent person would do that? He's guilty as sin. I'm sick over nobody doing anything about having a TRAITOR in our White House
From a known liar and contributor. Great work Slimewell, great work!
Let’s not forget ... Today is which is infinitely more celebratory than the birthday of a pathological lying corrupt criminal traitor.
Imagine wishing a traitor bigot a happy Birthday....guess inbred trailer Trash needs a hobby too!!!🤔
Either rain or one sided games. This World Cup sucks big fucking time.
This is very dangerous ! Can we finally lock him up for sedition now? At the very best, for not protecting the constitution of the United States. At the worst, he is a traitorous Russian agent.
Wow this fucktard really just said that he wouldn't have allowed Kim Jung Un's haha brother cooperate with the under his presidency
Here everyone supports doctors &amp; mamta get slap on her face which has oozing with arrogance ! You can say SLAP OF THE CENTUARY !
Every morning I wake up hoping I have an alert on my phone saying has died from a massive stroke or heart attack. Him being assassinated would be more ideal, but I’ll take his own body giving out.
If I haven’t said it today FUCK TRUMP 🤷‍️
The of in its full glory! The man is a fraud is his con.
Dude ... you’ve all but admitted your crimes. Give it a rest - we all know you’re guilty, inept, uneducated and crapping all over the Constitution.
Aw, come on, man! getting trolled on his birthday? Son of a bitch! On ?! Aw, damn it! Looks like is going to crash the party tonight.
Try all you want to Fat Donny. You are the WORST president in the history of our great nation. You will FOREVER be known as America’s Russian Manchurian president.
Happy Birthday President Trump? How about and fuck ?
Coming soon to what? Confess your guilt? To kill again? To pay your civil debit? To rob again? To pretend you are still loved? You are a murderer. You will always be remembered as the man who got away with murder. No more juice.
bcci for icc.. after worst management from icc.. 'Important ye nhi voh chutiya hai Important ye h ki voh hmara ladka..Hai..'
shows he is a coward and can't debate in a live format because of all the lies, broken promises he's made like the changing wind.
WHoa ... WtF this shit is crazy 🤔🧐🤦‍️
So Marco Rubio thinks I’m a because I don’t necessarily believe the habitually or the Mohamed Bin Salaam. I don’t believe the lying Iranian Clerics either. Fuck Marco Rubio’s dumb ass.
'Happy Birthday Mr. President' I hope all them candles blow in the direction of that sprayed hair . Sticky looking Mother Fucker with no soul. Aint it time for him to see a Dr. ?? He is long past due.
This must be watched, brilliant. We need more calling out, but from the UK press please now. 'Not just looks like a fucking moron, but actually IS a fucking moron'.
GETTIN READY TO WATCH FOX N FRIENDS WITH MY IDIOT BUDDY, DOG VOMIT TRUMP
oval office moron. &lt;heavy sigh&gt;
Episode : Fuck off Tommy! Molly-Mae has every right to be fuming!! You’re literally going round to all the boys saying your head has turned but yet you was like to Lucie and Molly-Mae no girl who walks in the Villa will turn my head! pathetic
Should be hanged to death.
just confessed to being a traitor -
Well HAPPY FU€KING BDAY TO YOU A$$HOLE....MAY IT BE YOUR LAST is his last
You’re a Kardashian politician! Nothing to be proud of! Daily photos of people who need help are better than photos of wealthy assholes laughing at the rest of us!
And people switching to the day shift will live longer. . is trying to shorten people's lives. He is a killer.
Perhaps you prefer the or the ?
Fuck Trump and anybody who voted for that Lyin POS!
Please do not follow O.J.Simpson. We don't need to give ANOTHER egomaniacal narcissist a platform...Thank you.
Here, let me fix this quote/headline for you: 'I'm An Asshole.'
“Johnson doesn’t just seem like a fucking moron, he is a fucking moron”
Trump: “I am the biggest Mobbed-up, traitorous fucking piece of shit in American history. Fuck America. Fuck all of you.”
Saw this earlier. I'd just like to confirm to the world that Brock Turner () is indeed still a rapist ()
Dear ICC, please don't forget that BCCI is your father..... So,mind on your business.... Do better umpiring....
WE NEED TO REMOVE THIS MOTHERFUCKER RIGHT NOW!!! AMERICA HAS FALLEN TO IDIOTS!!!
This clown ⬇ He's got nothing, he's so full of shit!
I think in this case I'd actually take the dinner with schmucks, because at least I could fight back, get in a few good insults and feel better about myself for it, unlike the other scenario you too vividly described.
Waiting for years for such a grand Tournament and four-matches are abandoned next time be focused on the venue instead on the wicketkeeper's gloves
for organising such an important tournament at such a time when half of the matches are getting washed away......
Haven’t been on much, not feeling well. Just wanted to say hi to everyone. Also wanted to celebrate that today (June th) is John McCain Day🇺🇸 Oh and F**K TRUMP!
Priceless! 🤣 Reliving old memories with your son! 'Melania T'
Doug is a fence jumper looking for relevance. If or when a war crimes tribunal (doubtful) is set up to look into Afghanistan or Iraq Dougy will not be so outspoken. His book will be used as evidence against him. .
The Belief That Trump Is a Messiah Is Rampant and Dangerous | Psychology Today
I hope you do not have a Happy Birthday Mr. President. You can go and kiss my skinny year old ass because never will you ever be my goddamn president and I don’t care what the hell you think!!!
isn't daft- he wasn't on and he didn't attend the Q&amp;A because no-one involved in either of those has any say in the vote... He thinks he's already won
… says the guy who was installed by Putin!
Consumate Asssssssssshoooooooooole had a significant hand in that trauma.
Happy you fat piece of shit!
I genuinely can’t believe Nazanin still hasn’t been released. Even more unbelievable is that Boris Johnson could be our next PM. Our Government should hang their heads in shame.
Here's the truth about Boris Johnson and his history of sexism, racism, lies, homophobia, gaffes and scandals (all material fully sourced)
This is the report that your own people have not briefed you on because they don't trust you where Russia is involved. Your own insider's know you are compromised by russia.
Oh, Dr Disrespect. Yet another ‘influencer’ that thinks fame means rules don’t apply to them. I hope Twitch bans him for life and not just a suspension.
Where does a douchebag get fitted?
, , . Why ICC is double standard. Allowing namaz on ground to Pak players, but not allowing to wear gloves. Is surrendering to . We condemn this act of ICC
If u can allow namaz on ground If u allow save gaza band If u allow salute on ground Then whats wrong in balidaan badge R u a fool icc or its clear u hv double standard u r not keeping ur words World doesn't need icc
Anything Abrahamic cricketing countries display on field = ok. journos and writers (including Indian) have high population of leftists. hypocrisy a clear indication of the to come.
This cop called for America to slaughter all ‘sodomite reprobates.’ They’re letting him ‘retire.’
Read 's page; from his disasterous tenure as Mayor of London, to his endorsement by the BNP, it tells you who he really is and his awful track record speaks for itself.
WRONG Stop with the lies you sick evil Just resign you will never lie you way out of this.
Well isn't that the pot calling the kettle ZERO CREDIBILITY Maybe if you didn't LIE ABOUT EVERYTHING you'd have an ounce of credibility but we all know you and you will be leaving very soon.
Pussy Grabber, Don the Con, Draft Dodger Donnie, Putin's Puppet, Cadet Bone Spurs, Fucking Moron
Dhoni should get rid of the gloves and remain away from any army insignia immediately, no room for overt display of patriotism on the cricket field, your Indian cap 🧢 should serve all the symbolism you wanted to indulge in
King Joffrey: % Donald Trump: %
Even local cricket tournament have better management &amp; planning than your's . Thankyou for spoiling the worldcup.
Either you're unable to read, or you're as corrupt as the Felon-in-Chief is and are complicit in helping him to cover up crimes he's committed.
All countries who care about their safety and security should . is just a spying tool developed and extensively used by the Communist Party of China.
Fuck icc u just want to finish the wc..by giving pts..then how u know the good and bad teams
I didn’t see Molly Mae asking permission from Amy before she asked Curtis out the hypocritical little shit
Biden &amp; his son Hunter took advantage of their position to use Air Force to wheel &amp; deal with China &amp; Ukraine! I don’t trust Biden or his son Hunter who left his wife &amp; kids to move in with his dead brother’s wife &amp; family!
Of course you hate MSNBC because they tell the truth and the truth is that you are an incompetent buffoon without a shred of decency. You are a complete and absolute disaster.
I am following you now- hoping to catch you swearing- lol-I swear a lot also !
i think u do have some work rather than seeing on dhoni's gloves...if u don't have then i can suggest u to improve the quality of ur great umpires ..plz go and improve the quality bcz
The big event of is today Vs lovely people of , hope win it InshaAllah
exactly, and you
is corrupt and incompetent. He aligns himself with murderous dictators and trusts them over our own dedicated and hardworking intelligence officers. We must unite to remove him with a landslide election. He is a
Don't be one. I give you mfs minute of conversation followed by minutes of laughter. Foh &amp; Good Day
Didn't realise you were an eert
'safer &amp; more prosperous' Oh just fuck off already, won't you?
I want to send a pre-birthday “FUCK YOU” to Trump for all he’s done to this country.
Put a stick in this man's hand. Whether it be drum or pool or match or etc. He will murder something with it. …
on your birthday, I'd just to wish you a Happy Impeachment, and a hearty 'Fuck off, traitor!'
Just saw a video on Vlad of defending a nonce, I'll call this cunt Lord Nonce. Bruva you won't be saying that if it was your daughter. Stick to your fangirling of you
Retweet if you think should stop blocking the design of the new $20 bill. (image via ). Trump proves he is a racist and a bigot.
Wayyy past time for to face . , , , , &amp; . What more do Dems need to ?
what the fuck ate tou doing you smug bastard. Why the fuck are you not enforcing more fucking police on the streets of London?????
Hey creepy old fucker if you approach my daughter again you’re gonna get punched in the throat!
I'm gonna go their own route and say all homophobic religious nuts should drink poisoned Kool-Aid. ️‍
is a to !
If you were his children, would you want to spend the day with him? NOT.
is firing his own pollsters, which show him running behind across the board. That, while he invites foreign powers to interfere with the .
Fuck Nelson’s life. He made the decision to kill Mylan. He needs to face his consequences for his actions. If Nelson wants sympathy he can find it in the dictionary between the words Fuck and YOU!!!
doesn't give a FUCK if your poor and can't buy food for your family! He's got tons of money he can buy ALL the food he wants! Trump is saying FUCK THE POOR!
You’ve made a damn mess ! You helped rich people while screwing the poor idiots that support you or did support you. This is NOT the lying and crying isn’t gonna work this time.
Mike, this is the first I’m hearing about this I thought your boss was only concerned with calling people names and lying to cover up all the fucking illegal things he’s done. Keep me posted
is the most narcissistic man alive, his purposeful ignorance is stunning
He is a . This is all DISTRACTION to make his seem bigger from all his UNFITNESS of being , 'fool' stop.
Is truly islamic cricket council shame on icc
Has anyone told you today how much of a fucking tool you are?! No... Ok. YOU'RE A FUCKING TOOL!!! Have a great day
Good morning , have a nice sleep you fucking bitch?
He's stupid and unethical. What a combo.
And retired porn star Melania too.
leaving her post as the worst lying Press Secretary of the United States of , under a men who is unfit to lead anything. Sarah you are disgraceful, and . Why would you support such a , grabbed them by . BBW
SHUT THE FUCK UP YOU STUPID CUNT AND GO AWAY!
Not in his, or her most wild fucking dreams!
Such a hypocrite and liar you are Mr. Selected PM . Why don't you accept you failed miserably in past months? Stop crying about past. Show progress or go home. You could not achieve any of your -2019 set goals.
Vinash kaale vipreet budhhi The sister is just as half minded as his brother.
be yourself fuck everyone else luv u 🧛‍️
didi is a worst politicians ever arrogant lady
So now Trump is invoking 'Executive Privelage' on census documents in a preemptive move against the House holding 'Wilbur' Ross and Barr in contempt! ... is there anything this Administration does, that isn't illegal? WTF!! 🤬
see India vs pak is also gone..... Fuck off Worst World Cup series...
, , ! Trial time
all this from a fat no talent ass
I really hope this trends
This Fucken Guy! What a brainwashed cunt!
Every supporter of the current White House occupant who continues to support him after his latest treasonous comments can all fuck right the fuck off for-fucking-ever.
And you like What's your point
Adam Silver is into hardcore BDSM. Still figuring out what role he plays, he’s absolutely cringe-tastic. He also has bodies buried in his backyard, + I’m thinking
There is gonna be ever. Hell, deserves no praise of any sort since he's a fraud and a FAILURE.
Are Muslims, in general a nuisance to be tolerated by the rest of the world ?
's political judgement has proven to be spot on over the course of decades. You on the other hand are a proven liar, probably racist to your core, whose moral compass has allowed the deaths of over ,000 UK citizens.
. That was at , now it’s am. . I don’t owe you shit . Don’t fucking break in
Trump says the Dems' are now 'playing' the seldom used 'Contempt Card' with 'Wilbur' Ross and Bill Barr, this fucking idiot thinks 'Contempt of Congress' for ignoring Congressional Subpoena's, is a fucking game! 🤬
Bastard
Idiot Trump gets harpooned for ‘Prince of Whales’ spelling error Its Prince of Wales, you baffoon
Your momma should've swallowed... Trump, the poster child for retroactive abortions.
Not even if office yet and already he's being a twat.
is just a greasy piece of shit. The world is darker with him in it.
Who the Fuck are you? Oh, nobody. That elains it.
If you are then you're a piece of shit. If you are then you are a piece of shit. If you are a supporter of either Trump or Pence the you are a piece of shit.
For a moment on June , during your speech in Normandy I eerienced a momentary feeling of contentment. It actually felt like I was listening to an actual POTUS &amp; that felt good. U delivered an excellent speech to the world.. Then u went back to ASSHOLE mode! ️🇺🇲
What about the fathers who can’t be with their children because they were ripped from the womb? = = to humanity
Hypocrisy is Pakistani team can offer namaz on the ground but Dhoni cant display balidan badge?? Then Indian team should offer Hanuman Chalisa, Durga Puja on the ground.
Fuck Way to make it financially more difficult to support a US company and the future of the auto industry
Forget Parsees Save
Be Quiet or the racist scarecrow with the orange face will get you!!
I'm NOT checking any fucking citizenship box .
Traitor piece of shit mother fucker.
What a douche nozzle.
WHY? Oh that's right because he's a stupid fucking greedy moron with two brain dead Sons who love to kill endangered animals!
% Pakistanis wants war with India and % said war should not be. And Those % belongs to Pakistans Armed Forces
Question is... Why a allowed to play international cricket tournaments ???
Taking a trip to New York. If this gets likes, I'll take a shit on Trump Tower.
The UK is just going to be like another mistress for . He'll fuck her completely but eventually get bored with her and piss off, denying any responsibility for whatever bastard encumbrances he leaves her with.\nWibble.
FUCK YEAH MY NIECE: IF PEOPLE DONT LIKE HOT CHIPS THEY SHOULD GO TO THE DOCTOR\n\nTEACH THE CHILDREN WELL ETC
spycam lesbians kazakhstan dating sites cum grannies doctors oral sex pussy fuck ass fucked girl getting fucked clips nipples sex phat ass fucked fuck housewife girls have real sex sex stories real nipples cock
It\'s ok to have different beliefs, if those beliefs don\'t endanger others or infringe upon their human rights.\n\nAdvocating changes in law to allow parents to Doctor Shop in order to avoid vaccines is ignorant and dangerous.\n\nAgain, fuck Jessica Biel.
May be that guy, doesn't know Hindi, most thought, they heard him say GandHi Naali !
but my doctor said whole grains are healthy and saturated fat in beef is bad. Do you really think you know more than my doctor?! \n\nYes God damn it I know way the fuck more than your stupid ass doctor when it comes to nutrition
Boris Johnson is full of shit, he wants the prime minister role as its the only toy the spoiled bastard as never had, its ok for him to play with U.K. n toss it when broken, normal people will be the ones suffering whilst that mega rich lying bastard wont give a flying fuck
So they're using Boris Johnson's comments to keep Nazanin Zaghari Ratcliffe imprisoned & he refuses to take any responsibility for his actions?\n\nAnd you think this twat is fit to be PM?\n\nFuck off!\n\n
Personally, I say lets go the whole hog & get elected to PM. Him & would be a bumbling comedy double act destroying lives & the planet but making great TV! After all, it's not about policy, it's about personality & pandering to fear. Fuck your kids future!
Since Ive attended UCLA ive seen:\nMANY suicides\nA school shooting \nAn admissions scandal \nSchool doctor sexually assaults students\nCreepy professors/TAs who fuck students\n\nI have no idea what the fuck were in
Golden state had two players re-injure themselves in the same game. \n\nDon\'t blame the doctors\n\nFuck them doctors.
Going to war. Hey these other countries pd traitor Trump and kush. Now they are making it happen. Right from the start
How the fuck does Boris keep finding women to sleep with him ? He looks like a preschooler drew a rapists face on a chunk of uncooked sausage meat
weeks ago I said to friends:\nId be amazed if doesnt bottle being PM again like last time & find some excuse to drop out of the race. Because he is all mouth & knows deep down he be a shit PM & cant deliver fuck all & knows he will be a failure
They wont be applauding when he fucks up Brexit. Only a moron can look at what Johnson has done as a politician and conclude that hell do what he says he will.
This is what two stupid fucks look like..bumass crackheads all over for some little bud. VG4L very gay life is what I see. dick riding bitch
Again Congress started abusing PM from day . So pathetic and tragic. Matilaal, JawaharlalN, IndiraG, all were character-corrupt, and now IndiraG is MaGanga! And Mr Modi is Gandi Naali ! Even bastards never speak this language. Hate these parliamentarians.
dating moms taking young dick video asian doctor chubby chinese pussy angela sora fuck lesbian
Basically Congress and it's allies do not like Hindus and PM represents as a Hindu which they absolutely reject. Entire Congress and it's supporters should be thrown out of this country. \n
Opposition is a shame to the country...
you can see how frustrated the losers are. Pathan, chopra, srivastav, bhamla are gandi naalis.That's why people didn't vote for them.
Has Sold Out America To The Fricking Enemy Russian Commie Soviet 'REDS' 'NOW' Nuff Said ! .
What a cool idea! Fuck Trump
Another racist Southern Senator, , gets down on her knees to kiss your traitorist butt. This isn't news. It's been happening for over two years. All of them will have to answer to the American people.
Intel &amp; Pentagon doesn’t fu€king trust our so-called president. How far America has fallen since /2016 since we elected an ENEMY OF THE PEOPLE to sit in our highest office.
Sick and tired of hearing about this fucking asshole too.
On this , that is the worst traitor in American history. You're not crazy, it's just .
Of course is a fucking bigot from a former person from Indiana go fuck yourself Mike Pence you are as big of a piece of shit as
Can not be presidential harassment when you are the so-called 'president'. Try again, traitor.
Retweet this to give a big fuck you for his birthday.
Good riddance. Next up, putting you in jail.
Melania is Trump's whore. Trump is a fucking disgrace.
Donnie.....you’re just saying that because he was mean to you! He let the Baby Trump blimp fly! He let thousands of protesters line the streets of London!! YOU....Donnie are the disgrace!!
Is today’s rising a product of Iceland’s racist past?
Also in , and (of a fellow ) curses gods and calls for mass and .
What a mother fucking MAROON!!!!
And why don't you take stand on hinduphobia
BUGGER OFF.
Hmmm... 'Consultative'
🦝 Habitual Line Stepper. Sith Lord. | ️‍-ally | he/him | ️ | NYU &amp; UHouston Alum
and Fuck Republican enablers.
Ummm...they are criminals?
Actually it’s not. Hope you have the iest Father’s Day EVER!!
You are one sick fuck
Ur not being fair to the Man Baby!
I don't think so Dr. Shab , she deserved of your reply. Because her thought is pathetic//full of communalism /negativity/totally madness. Better would be 'ignore' , in current scenario, Not single person who are taking her seriously.
You have no respect for the law, and we have no respect for you.
That tweet is GOLDEN coming from you ... What kind of FATHER gets his DAUGHTER'S friend PREGNANT not once but twice &amp; then because of YOU, that LITTLE GIRL commits suicide? Yep you're right...WE ARE better than that! Happy Fathers day
Guy is such a his man card should be revoked
Fuck and this health care shit. These motherfuckas raping us with this shit. . Got nobody else to blame 🤷‍️
Gordon Bennet, who would want a selfie with Ramsey
There is only ONE enemy of the state: YOU
And you're still a
Little Carlos is calling for violence, that’s acceptable. Why doesn’t the pound wimp do it himself? He’s so fragile.
—— hitched himself to the of lies today. Chris will get an education as he’s dragged through the mud. Sad! ——-
and of course .....
It has always rained in England during chmpions trophy and other major tournaments. Such poor scheduling of cwc , no reserve day , poor ground conditions, poor preparations.
Is God a Tory? Waiting to be anointed.
the country is already united ... against . philandering, womanising, misogynist, bully of small children, con artist, racist and poundshop-trump becoming our Prime Minister Tnx
That’s a real Christian attitude you have.
Hey Three words. 'Prince of WHALES...'
Hey, find other means than China. We will boycott your products as well.
Narcissists don’t need to elain themselves, you should be able to know exactly what they are communicating at all times because it is THAT important.
He's not hugging the flag, he's hiding behind it. This picture disgusts me in ways I can't even eress. I don't like to call any US President a pig, but this one emphatically is...
Ken Clarke doing his best impression of Michael Palin after being soaked in brandy for thirty years
We have fought many battles in our life. We have saved many people. Sacrificed many things for the people who bitch about us on our back and never stood and will stand with us. But we know what we are capable of. And we will.....
If any other country handles the way ICC handles they will them up for poor preparation
You fool . Blocked!
Of course not!!
see India vs pak is also gone..... Fuck off Worst World Cup series...
Happy
Facts are Facts.
Indian Fans Angry On ICC After Another World Cup Washout, Even Amitabh Bachchan Joined Them via
Of all Boris Johnson’s appearances on TV, tonight was definitely my favourite.
Your opinion is so very worthy, please can we have more.
You cheated to win this election and that is your legacy! There were always be an asterisk* by your name. *Cheated with Putin to win the election!
Unlike all other presidents in the modern era, Trump has concealed his finances from the American people &amp; refused to divest himself from his worldwide business interests, making himself (and therefore the nation) vulnerable to bribery &amp; blackmail.
your opinion piece is a joke...just like you.
puts golf before country!
Trump: I never took any help from Russia. ...And I'd absolutely do it again.
Shame on you .The effort you kept on Dhoni gloves, Just keep % from it on your world cup schedule which is getting washed away.
I would bet That Trump has a welcome mate to all foreign powers who have information on the democratic party the oval office doorway.
Is there anywhere I can escape this shite?
Their blood is on YOUR hands! You are as guilty for their murder as those that held the knife and gun!
Happy , Treasonous, weak .
So you’re going to “hold people accountable”? You realize you’re no longer anything but a punchline, right?
Now we can confirm the true crisis at the border now that Canada has won the finals?
We need fast trial of each and every Rape Case No matter Accused is Muslim or Hindu Death Penalty for Rape Crime
Men's Unisex Anti Trump AF T-Shirt in Extended Sizes - Small up to x
Its not a club level cricket it's big event which comes ones in four years. Really frustrating badly.
Ancestor behaviour you are NOT proud of .... Charles Peace ..... can’t choose your fam
for not keeping reserve days. Looks like Ind vs Pak will get washed out. Get ready for the massive rage.
There’s NO justification for assault on Doctors. ▪️We need transparent medical negligence protocols. So the public can be assured of action in genuine cases. ▪️Sensitisation of Doctors &amp; public in general on how to handle such emotionally charged situations.
..don't know why it is focusing on a point which has no effect in the game play of world cup by leaving who are changing the chances of winnings of teams with their wrong decisions...work on topics which need to be improved rather than our msd...
why so silent? who will punish for their incompetency,poor management and lack of vision and responsibility????🤔 plzz tag members??
Shame on poor poor onfield umpiring. How can you appoint so dissappointing and illeterate umpires like you.
ICC means (islamic cricket council) Pakistan team ?? Shame you icc love you mahi
Trump is a
Real Michael Gove or fake Michael Gove, what do you think?
LMAO! Gross. What a trainwreck. Gay
You know nothing about geopolitics, so kindly refrain from talking about it. Actually, kindly refrain from talking, period.
Where are you? Why isn't this case with CBI yet? We don't want your SIT. We know they will not do the job. Please transfer case to CBI. What are you afraid of?
we want justice
before calling him immature just think about yourself.. you were banned for matches by ICC for your inappropriate behaviour.... is the pride of our crore hearts ......
Double
hahaha I pity on your country where called as national sport of the country for we Indians cricket is not just a sports lts a other religion.
Benny the Butcher... Sony Hall
Got evidence of that brah?? Beyond your delusion? Like paper trail? Nah? Alright so your lying then
Why are you on my feed?
World design Changed..
...and they’re gonna vote for a man who is so arrogant as to not even show up for a debate, who thinks he’s so much better than everyone else but who is actually unfit for the job
You could make a drinking game every time Hannah jumps up on one of the bachelor's and wraps her legs around him.
isn't supposed to wear those gloves tomorrow but K.L. Rahul and Dinesh Karthik can.. just saying
Yawn. Sorry Can't dumb down the issue further. Try reading to improve your grasp about issues . Or continue defending whichever political masters you lick. We will stand by and India
If u all guys show the same dare to the and than could be . But as usual they show their strength to a poor driver who work hard to earn. What to say more when rakshak is bhakshak.
helped by a gang of people including TMZ
You're LYING to America and HIDING legislation from debate and votes! If you believe in your 'Senate Majority' then bring the bills to the floor! If you're on the right side of the issue you'll win. If not then GTFO.
- Are you sure, you are credible enough to conduct cricket world cup? Stop just staring and pointing out at attire of cricketers
Can't understand how stupid one can be where he can't let go his arrogance and ego for the whole fukin state...
Well, well, well--the first domino has fallen. See: Former White House aide Hicks agrees to testify to House panel investigating Trump
Come Yashwant you believe to Put country up and above Money, NEVER gona happen
Misbah doing pushups on ground is nothing for ICC.but MS badge is under scanner woww.. If meaning of bias was something it should be ICC
Why didn’t doctors protest for or or when MCD hospital doctors protested for their due salaries? Why? I do believe in safe working atmosphere for doctors. Is it happening because of West Bengal politics ?.
Wish I could be around to read the history books. I'm certain that this motherfucker will be known as the worst TRAITOR this country has ever seen. &amp; history will eventually ee all of their crimes. They're all criminal thugs.
Our country is divided as it never has been before (humm, wonder who is responsible for that?) and all you Repubs can worry about is a piece of clothe? Why don't you BAN use of Confederate &amp; Nazi flags? This is ALL distraction.
Who is “Trump?”
The very rare two faced, A.B. de Pfeffel Johnson cat ..
people, we have to stop this fake activist troll from ruining our movement.
If at all wants to raise Outsiders issue, 'Outsiders' In West Bengal are illegal Bangladeshis &amp; Rohingyas who are fraudulently given citizenship credentials &amp; these people needs to be kicked out &amp; not Doctors.
Wow! Look at all the lines of buyers!!! Was the store closed or is that just the typical turnout??
Meanwhile UNpresident dumb fuck is still sitting in his office chillin.
Everybody said when was elected the first time, America had now become a 'post-racial' country. That's a good one. Best laugh of the day for sure. Ugh.
There is no poll that says don't impeach, unless it is only inside your head.
We shall call it the Gala and celibrate for hours, from to Friday, with huge parades from sea to shining sea.
This is the alleged rapist who attempted to a Doctor who was working night shift at Pelonomi Hospital in Bloemfontein this week, the said Doctor then fought back and bit the off of the attempted .
I might be grasping at straws here but he might be advocating seditious behavior by way of a wink and a nod in a tweet.
So did you start this so when you get out of prison, if you ever do. You'll get help to immerse yourself back into society?
Congratulations Michael Phelps for winning Cricket World Cup ()
Bitch please he has/had no compassion for the Central Park this shit is a stunt. Not saying her intentions isn't pure Trump shit is not. I need her to ask him about them babies in cages.
Personally, I do not like Trump's persona, but I don't throw the baby out with the bath water. He is much better for the than the is EVIL personified; she and her husband should be in PRISON!
Chuch Schumer =
America is now a country that should be policed by the UN. Our President is one of the most corrupt in the world, our state dept are war mongers, our congress people are self serving do nothings, our government is a joke. Help! Oh and
They are right!
Prince of Walls??
Dear diary... You ARE the enemy of the people.
| Mamata Banerjee repeats 'outsiders' claim over doctors' protest in Kolkata, even as doctors from across India stand together demanding assurance of their safety. Tune in to watch her address here -
IMPEACH NOW!!
Too many DUIs have addled your brain. If you can still read, try a snippet of the Mueller report. There are nothing false except yours and Trump’s denials. It’s all Russians all the time.
Picture from future...
This sounds like a brilliant idea!!!! We need someone to take this and run...lawyers. bet, millions of people would kick in a few bucks. Brilliant.
fuck both of you. If I say he’s in a fucking medical, he’s in a fucking medical. I work hard for this shit, don’t come at me with that criticism shit, you want beef we can sort this out properly still
Now mamata didi cancels her meeting with the striking doctors. Shows het immaturity. She dreams of becoming the leader of India, but she is no statesman. She had egoistical mind, acts childish and behaves as a tyrant.
Tjer a whole doctor that can't even burn a book. No fuck man. Mmabtho should've went to Durban naye
Severos Vellark. Crane doctor who was supposed to be the personal doctor to Rena Kalil but said fuck that and opened a free clinic in the slums. Constantly exhaustd. Saved Mikata's life at one point, and they're fwbs. Aromantic.
Doctor: Maam.... Ive run every test possible and there is no sign of declining mental capacity.\nMe: then why the fuck cant I leave his ass alone when I know he dont want me?!!
You are worried about Jahil? They wanted to remove police for minutes to wipe out Hindus. I am saying let's do it, we will see who gets wiped out.
no one could have predicted that the evil fucker who created a fake charity and used it to steal money raised for children with cancer would be the same evil fucker who is now denying sick and imprisoned migrant babies access to doctors and medicine or even soap, for fuck's sake
This unknown Congi leader is a cheap charlie who should be kicked out of the Lok Sakha for calling our PM in that gutter language. Wonder how people elect this kind of low thinking person as their Rep.
Congress has taken Indian polity to a new low. Its shameful that this party has such irresponsible leaders who hardly respects the democratic institutions.
\nAsim Bhamla within minutes found an excuse for calling Modiji as Gandi Naali ka Kida when he dared to say he don't know Hindi ? To what an extent these Guns will continue their Fancy Dress in the name of Politician in the Temple of Democracy ?
The damning allegations against that he sexually assaulted women could jeopardized his re-election campaign. Im no stranger to accountability but has crossed the line on and its going to stop ! \n\n
this shows the mindset, even after such drubbing, it's unfortunate that they haven't learnt any lesson. again Modi, Parliament Speaker has got right to dismiss this man r suspend at least two sessions. (Up to winter session)
Waris live in India like a Indian human and not hide behind that Muslim garb. Do your people want to insult the highest political institutions of India because you are Muslims and then cry foul. Shut up you non identical stupid.
One cannot eect a decent civilised behaviour from a degenerated and decomposed and abusive political existence of Congress Party which is in its threshold of extinction.
Yay, the clown is going to wreck the country. What was his slogan again? fuck business wasn\'t it? Great phrase that.\n\nAm sure he\'s going to make a \'titanic success\' of Brehit.\n\nAfter all, Tories seem to not have much in the brain department these days.
Abusing elected PM is nothing less than abusing entire Indians. These MPs should be debarred from parliament
Another Sham of a debate where the barking ones out number the other side!! Senseless debate as ususl!! This show is becoming a comedy!!
Another Congressmen Adhir R Choudhary in race to influence Gandhi family by Abusing Modi , Its well known fact Sonia Gandhis Hate for PM Modi & Amit Shah, which has developed into Congress Culture, its still not in corrective mode but self destructive
I Told My Girlfriend To Embrace Her Mistake And She Hug Me. I Think She Didn't Understand What I mean O ......\n\nWarriz Going, For Fuck Sake
Mollas are khokla desh bhakts
Oh, do fuck off! What have you done for the last years other than trash the UK economy (then dress it up as some kind of success story), drain the NHS, education and Local Authorities of resources, and line the pockets of your wealthy friends? \nYour whole party is a disgrace!
. Aise sansad ki sadasyata khatam kar denge chaiye taki Sab Ko sabak mil jaaye Congress har ke baad pagal ho gayi hai
They don't have to go to the camps.\n\nThey are volunteering when they choose to illegally enter.\n\nI know I am right, Border patrol doesn't abduct people from other countries.\n\nIf walls didn't work, there wouldn't be so many working right now & you wouldn't care if they were built.
Race of abusing PM NaMo will accelerate to appease muslims.Listen to Pathan pushing his party as only for muslims & owasis as new Jinnah.All are disturbe due to talak bill as it is not a sharia law.
The ppl who have dirtied Ma Ganga over d years deliberately r today abusing just coz he has taken it upon himself clean up d mess. , how long your neech behavior? Get real
- Abuse is the last resort of scoundrels and in this case - electorally defeated scoundrels.
We got the approval from the doctor, so our Wembley concert with Jungkookie is a go! He announced, making everyone, even Jimin, gasp. \n\nHe was allowed to go?! Taehyung exclaimed, jumping up and down.\n\nMhm. Yoongi nods. He\'s coming with us.\n\nFUCK YES. Namjoon yelled
Ppl keep telling me that I cant be a politician bc I have a vile mouth (not that Ive EVER said I wanted to be one). If Boris Johnson can use overtly racist language and still run for PM, Im sure I could be a politician despite saying fuck and suck ur mum to racists
Toddlers can just walk out the door of detention camps and be free, but Republicans cant tear themselves away from Trump?
enough is enough. Stop taking in asylum seakers in southern border. Repel them. Do not release them or detain them. Put some damn troops with guns down there and tell them nobody passes. Also, why the hell haven't you sent an atty from the DOJ to supreme court..
Congress will never learn. If the commander is like that what eect from the soldiers rahul gandhi is destroying parliament dignity.
We've seen the first ladies tits more the has told the truth. Which, yeah isn't hard to do when can't tell what's true af this point.
Who voted for a no-deal? Tell me, who the fuck voted for a no deal? The way I see it, the referendum was a corrupt vote between remain and leave. Not remain, leave, deal, no deal. Nobody voted for no deal!!
Ah, silence in the library, doctor who plot to fuck up your kids
I feel Cong people are bent upon finishing their party. Why they don't understand that by abusing Modi, they loose public sympathy and votes.
| One of the most violently bigoted and abusive party people hail from your Party, I can rattle out examples after examples: Anand Ranganathan, Scientist & Author\n
Cant believe I once thought and were the most useless politicians of all time.
A PM is the king of the nation. In olden days if any person equivalent to an MP would have uttered the same abuse thrown at Modi today in king's durbar , his head would have rolled down on the ground. The word uttered is to that proportion. Pack and leave India.\n
fuck off imagine being years old and thinking you know better than a literal doctor shut up
I am a modi bhakt.. but from -2019 nothing done for encephalitis in bihar.. thats really really disappointing. This all progress work and Yoga day are ok.. but we cant be silent on such severe failure of govt.
i told my doctor i cant sleep and he said have sex ???? come over and fuck me yourself you coward
\nThere must be Stringent Punishment for these kind of Gandi Naale ke MPs & the Movement he uttered those words he was supposed to be suspended for life time from participating in any of the Elections in future apart from facing procecution.
Nation is not going to tolerate the insult of the PM.
A hearty fuck you to this ALL DAY sweep notice, targeting an individual unhoused resident in Chinatown. \n\nThis is so cruel, forcing someone to choose between guarding objects they need to survive (tents, medication) and going anywhere (work, doctor\'s appt).\n\n
By using Congress has scooped to Naali level
dont forget your comb, not only for your toupee, but also for your pubic hair, you bloody\nTerrible Rat Urinating on Moral & Politics (a la )\nFuck you and just go away, thank you
Are these the one that we elected for their LEADERSHIP QUALITIES OR GOONDA like traits.
She's furthering her agenda. THERE IS NO COMMUNAL HUE TO ANY OF IT. All of us are doctors here, trying to do our jobs, irrespective of religion (honestly, fuck religion), gender, sexuality et cetera. (/3)
Fuck this noise
....Irans very ignorant and insulting statement, put out today, only shows that they do not understand reality. Any attack by Iran on anything American will be met with great and overwhelming force. In some areas, overwhelming will mean obliteration. No more John Kerry & Obama!
GN Azad, in RS: I request you to keep the New India to yourself & give us our Old India where there was love, culture. Hindus used to feel the pain when Muslims & Dalits used to get hurt. When something used to get into eyes of Hindus, Muslims & Dalits used to shed tears for them
In many ways, thank fuck Rory Stewart is out. At least it means we can hate the Tories properly without being a bit confused that there's likeable one that's a cross between Doctor Who and Dobby the house elf.
congress, AIMIM and all the Muslim leaders have still not understood the verdict of this country. Hell bent on hitting the last nail in the cofin. By doing all these they are making Modi even stronger and one day all these shit party and people will be history.
| Where an MP says that he will cut the throat of Muslims, then everyone is silent on that: Waris Pathan- MLA, AIMIM & Advocate
Arnob, u r doing a great job to showcase some of the very genuine bastards in your prime show,
Abhi Ranjan Choudhari ,calls Narendra Modi, as Gandi Naali . These People are frustrated after Modi is elected second time. Indians are happy &proud of Bharatiya Janata Party &Narendra Modi. We can easily tell truth about Congress traitors. No dignity for Rahul.
Omg, you are the WORST PERSON EVER IN AMERICAS WHITEHOUSE EVER!
these stinking A$$h[ display their frustration as modiji makes his way towards .. people of India are watching
MCU man babies believe Keanu Reeves was DESPERATE to play Doctor Strange, Silver Surfer or Yon-Rogg in Captain Marvel, but now Feige will ALLOW him into The Eternals \n\nThey are pissed he was Constantine for DC & he knew fuck all about Marvel comics when Shillider asked him?
Those responsible for these issues must be prosecuted, including tRump, Pence, McConnell, and all others! Lock the Up with overcrowding, filthy, lice infected, no food water, heat, personal items, and bedding, etc.
Too many doctors on my fucking Facebook fuck off
How many more abuses and apologies ???? Action needs to be taken against such people
By abusing the people elected PM, the opposition has insulted the people of this country.\n
\nAdvir ranjan ch is from madrasa banerjees waste bengal, mc mps in house, rabul gandhi is just like my ass hole, dripping shit
Trump literally begging Iran to come to table b/c military isnt backing him - he is lying to Amer ppl again. No allies backing trump Not only has Xi on his side for tarrifs but Iran too Stupid to think going to happen & will give trump biggest loss of his life
- Adhir Choudhry should know that canal in Bengali is 'kaandor' and naali is 'noddoma' in Birbhum Bengali. Stop fooling people.
Adheer Chowdhuri jo kahan wo unko nehi kahena chahiye but children died hone ke baad bhi BJP Mangal Panday ki against koi action kiun nehi liya??!!
His team can keep him away from the media, but was always going to manage to fuck things up. Those who are blaming the neighbours for Bojo attacking his girlfriend, REALLY, Tory MPs in a matter of days attacking women and somehow it's ok. Both Not fit for office.
Why does Boris Johnson have to talk about his personal life? If he doesnt want to he doesnt have to. Couldnt give a flying fuck anyway but people saying its a public interest need to get a life.
. What role did you play in Vote leave breaking the law?\n2. Why did you carry on lying about the bus?\n3. Why do you think you are fit for any office?\n4. Why don't you seek help to quit lying?\n5. What did you chat to Steve Bannon about?\n6. Why did you say fuck business?
As a Muslim;\n\nMy food is my Business\nMy Dress is my Business \nMy Faith is my Business \nMy Marriage is my Business \nMy Prayer is my Business\n\nI don't POKE in your Business. So don't POKE in my Business. Thank you!
\n \nOnce again Congress goon MP Adhir Ranjan Chaudhary has insulted PM Modi.\n\nEven after losing & Elections, Congress has not learnt from thr mistakes.\n\n
The world doesn't gave saved by Trump. It gets saved when we remove our support for the Gov. \n
Trump names new chief White House liar, dissembler and cover-upper.
why the FUCK isn't Gemma Chan playing Doctor Who yet
If you & ur other congressi brothers & sisters dont know how spk in Hindi then spk in the language u know,there r translators there.\nFact is all of u r insulting PM ji on instructions of Gandhis to please them. Shameful! \n
Mr u have made a big mistake by calling the Prime Minister of India . People of India will not Forgive you.\nShame on you !!\n \n
GanDI title suits this GanDHI dynasty of self glorifying worthless Desh Drohi Looters. What is Italian Dalal Sonia Half baked Indian Rahul, Indira is Ganga of BLOOD the blood Sucking Vamp of Emergency. Rajiv was a true Mass Murderer blood Sucker of .
Highly shameful, for everything, and for all wrong doings still there are idiots coming to debate still maintaining their stand. Are you really humans. I won't be surprised to know that you will be Cannibals. \n
.The way Congress received drubbing in recently concluded hustings ,Congimen are unable to digest this and they are now resorted to use of abuses and gaali galoch against PM Modi non other than opp. Leader Adhir Ranjan Choudhari which shows how mean they are.
Arnab BJP ko itna support mat karo!!jo Party tumhare channel ko Banned karne ki baat kiya tha!!Sambit Patra when children died in Bihar then what were you doing?!
Crazy politics of Cong has vanished its element of cultural ethics.
| I don't think anyone will sympathise with the comment he has made, every time Congress has made these statements, BJP has been at an advantage: Asif Bhamla, Political Commentator & President- Bhamla Foundation
This couple are separated by thousands of miles, on hunger strike, their daughter separated from her mum whilst she starves in jail. Why? Because Boris Johnson fucked up.\n\nThats one family. His ambition? To fuck an entire nation.
hey you supporters of Gandi Naali abuser say that person does not know Hindi. Was he intending to speak in Italian language which is not a language in Indian Parliament. The same abuse should apply to those who shower it.
Dear PM,\n\nWe voted you for development of poor people but you all are spending too much on Yoga but not in water, education and fever that is in Bihar right now.Dear PM,We voted you for development of poor people but you all are spending too much on Yoga but not in water, education and fever that is in Bihar right now.
The Terrorist , Waris Pathan is batting well with Abuse, verbal Terrorism at
If you think people will vote for you after using such filthy language for the PM,you are highly mistaken
children are dying in bihar but who cares Yoga and Mp dinner is Important
HOW THE FUCK CAN BABIES SIT IN WIERD WAYS LIKE THIS WITHOUT BREAKING THEIR WHOLE SHITS!?!
How will he defend us from him....resign
just fuck off. The country fucking hates you.
Congress should not forget that Modi is the Pm of India and he Definitely deserves respect. Congress should immediately apologize for this low standard comment.
ASHAMED to see these unscrupulous, uncouth, illiterate, selfish politicians ABUSE every INDIAN by reflecting POORLY on the elected PM of the Largest Democracy
Why the fuck are California legislators consulting actresses like Jessica Biel about vaccines when they should be listening to doctors!
A long fucking time ago! the lying orange idiot
do you know you have invited a rapist, his name is paresh naik,he works in your Mumbai office, check my tweets for his threats.
Naw, we're good. Stay where you're at. ┌∏┐ (•˽•)┌∏┐
The thing is there will be some Herbert who will think this is a good idea and bloody do it. Jo Brand is classed as an alternative comedian, I always though alternative meant different to, so she is different to a comedian, meaning she isnt fucking funny
and you also only saw Dhoni’s gloves and not his respect for the game. Shame on you
Lmfao look really is a
And of course they placed Hillary at the top of the list.
There isn't just ONE Enemy of the people, Jim. It takes a village...
Its ALWAYS for me...
In other words, “I’m a pathological liar who couldn’t tell the truth if his life(or office or freedom) depended on it.”
The hypocrisy. The audacity. The stone-faced liar that is our President. For Pride Month, Trump has nothing to be proud of, activists say
Will it be worse than killing children? Worse than selling your country to the Russians? Worse than saying you love a ruthless dictator? Probably not.
Don’t feel sorry for this woman.
These fucking guys. They are despicable. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN by keeping the white guys' portraits on money, where they belong!
Oh look....
Followed and blocked
Boris Johnson negotiations with EU, will go will, he just won't turn up.
...and no condom, judging by the number of kids he has apparently randomly fathered
Awesome. KELLYANNE is the leaker. More tweets from George Conway on how is an idiot.
piece of shit. How the hell are you still alive ?
You will never be .
in a as in d build up to d match on th. We take strong objection to it pls do something don't eect anything from we saw d issue left us red-faced
I met Jackie O, and that Slovenian hooker ( ) is no Jackie O.
Trump holds his thumb between his fingers, insist he’s “got our nose” refuses to show us otherwise. seriously, sincerely,
&amp; JUST break it up a LITTLE... TOO
This is what happens in this world today and it’s so fucked up this was all so uncalled for. So for this I say once again....
No surprise there Cricket Board () chairman Ehsan Mani has confirmed that he lodged a complaint with the ICC about India wicketkeeper-batsman MS Dhoni having the Indian army’s insignia on his keeping gloves.
Racists? Yes. Shocked? No. Yes it leaves me cold but under the Trump regime nothing shocks or surprises me anymore. I truly with my entire being wish it did. 🤬
Amazing! Now we see why his attorneys didn’t want him speaking to Mueller in person. is far too dumb to stick to a script. He just can’t help himself.
this years i think Rain will be top on chart and we can see it on FINALE also..🤣🤣🤣🤣
And is so WEAK he couldn’t even serve. Is such a baby that he had to hide behind Daddy’s skirts because he was .
I seriously feel has gone mad ans lost mental balance. I never seen any CM in my whole life who goes to protest site and threaten protestors. Never ever in my life.
This is the worst piece of shit I have read this day on the West Bengal Doctors issue. Apparently these doctors are behaving like doctors in Auschwitz. 🤬
India generates so much revenue for the ICC and yet they comply when Pak asks them to degrade their army soldier. India should boycott this world cup to keep the respect of their army!!!
So someone doesn't accept your lies. Suck it up, Bone Spurs, the office of president isn't about you; it's about the integrity, ethics, responsibity, and humanity of the USA.
years ago today the worst president the USA has ever had was born. So in celebration, today and going forward. We no longer take 'dump'. Its now 'I need to take a Trump'
Icc and england cricket destroying big world cricket. England doesn't Deserve host the world cup.
This crypt keeper needs to go. Why ain’t he dead yet!
LOL - I was by a for stating that it is sad to see he has .. Oh well, hope I am safe.
Poor little you. Show us where the bigly yuuge mean newspaper hurt you.
Why will the tournament be any longer with reserve days? What a lame excuse . You simply plan the next day as reserve day and there could be two matches some days during the tournament.
Great..... Well done .....Thanks for water entertainment.......
The are traitors.
Electing as their leader will damn in the eyes of sensible voters It shows their utter desperation It will be proof that Tories as a political party care nothing for honesty truth or basic morality
FALSE FLAG ANYONE? Trump is creating fake reasons to go to war to distract from his legal troubles. CLASSIC REPUBLICAN HORSESHIT . . . .
Agree and he is not President...he didn't win popular vote and conspired with a foreign power to get the electoral college.
I have no doubt my mental well being has been affected by what my country is turning into. It makes me sick. I had no idea how many stupid, racist evil people live in this country.
If we’re behind him, it’s because we’re preparing to fuck him up the ass with the full force and power of the United States Constitution.
U R a JOKE! U REPUBLICANS HAVE LOST UR BALLS FOLLOWING THIS ! DO UR FUCKING JOB!
Do you remember in your speech you said is not about election. It's about freeing India of Congress mentality of caste, religion, etc But you're carrying on with the congress mentality Sir. You're further strengthening the communial mentality.
He was clearly talking about the vending machine after he bought a packet of chipsticks.
ICC - International Cricket Council Code Of Conduct says Religious , Political Activity / Symbolism not allowed in International Cricket match then what is the Pakistan's team doing here !!!
Lookin more like a sit down lunch in the home of a nuclear family!
the winner of the popular vote by over m. Without your Russian conspiracy, she would have her rightful place in the White House. You are . You lost.
What a load of bull shit
Ah Nigel. Seem you really do represent the lgbt values well. . Not once but twice.
wrong place for only rain and you can see the badge on but you can't see that the country who calls ceicket national game dont have covers to cover whole ground
way too bad event management and planning ! The cricket fans across the entire world waited for and matches out of matches so far have been washed out in rains.
So far, matches have been dusty by rain Why do not understand before making your biggest event? While 's gloves look so much!
continues to try sooooo hard to remain relevant. is the only one who cares
How can they be so Naive to not check the weather condition &amp; choose Location accordingly before fixing the Tournament. People do this even before fixing Marriage Date.
traitor. can do better. Let’s start with finding candidates that aren’t traitors.
ICC: We are sorry to Tell all The Cricket Fans that there shall not be any cricket to be played on th at Manchester due to Rain. But we are looking to Remove Insignia Badges and Other Things which players wear But sorry no Correct Venue
This day should be used to celebrate a man with honor not a traitor to our country. June th is plz tweet n keep retweeting these 's to keep them trending all day n his bday
If you Chant Jai Shri Ram, you will be arrested. If you support BJP, you will be killed. If you make cartoon, you will be arrested. If you fight for your rights, you will be stoned. This is not Pakistan but West Bengal.
Get lost, butcher.
Double standard Shame on you
Your subject matter doesn't matter . Bye Bye dickhead
At least Warren has a plan and isn't a traitor.
circles the OANN drain
People from other Indian states are outsiders to . But Bangladeshis are more dear to her than even the insiders.
announcing Joe's new book about tr*mp SO focused on how he worked so hard to highlight tr*mp's personally 'engaging' and 'likable' side?? Yeah, and I heard Jeffrey Dahmer was pretty 'engaging' and 'charismatic' in person, too. SMFH
see ur terrorist public (Awaam). That's why u r most neglected passport in the world. Don't trust paki, terrorism is in their blood and DNA.
Your profile discriprion is superb by heart, in contrast you are comfortable with the attack on doctors plus your soul is with so you are more worried about getting grounds in .
Dear You should have reserve days for WC matches. It's a WC match not u'r regular dy matches. It comes after year. So u should be more vigilant while choosing venues. You should apologise from every cricket fans for this mess.
will always be superior to you, . No contest, really.
Lot of fans waited to see how it rains...Instead of spotting mistakes in gloves...Show some intrest in maintenance also...
You never do justice...
holy wtf, batman?!?
Trump’s corruption, hate rhetoric and CRIMINAL actions are eroding our democracy!! What POTUS invites foreign adversaries to influence our elections?!!!
So wants to PM the man who sold nearly everyone the dream has done nothing good for working class people wants to give the rich a tax break while thousands are suffering and he cannot be bothered to do interviews another Elton boy
Imagine being suckered in by a sociopathic, narcissistic, cheesy game show host and failed businessman.
I think you are a
They're going to quickly throw her ass in a retirement home and be done with her as soon as they get the chance.
She's lying like you've trained her to.
Our hero! . . Create problem, . Fix problem he caused, . Declare victory.
Offering namaz on field is not a bigg issue but Wearing glove containing Army logo ( non political non religious not harming anyone’s sentiments ) is objectable for icc !
So, ’s home state would have all the underage girls potentially impregnated by this pastor forced to give birth to his children next year? Damn, ! Even I threw up in my mouth a little! Mitch is pro-, pro- and pro-. Nice. 🤢
already said 'clearly' he would
Another horrible decision by the umpire. Umpiring has been off the worst quality this . Why the fuck a team suffer because of a human error?
years ago today this bastard had handcuffs on &amp; was where he needs to be; JAIL!! To join Twitter around the anniversary of the butchering of people he killed (he was found GUILTY in civil suit) is sick
Do a favour to cricket lovers all over the world shift the remaining matches to India..BCCI can still successfully conduct this world cup
Hey what’s wrong in having Country's Army's Sacrifice Symbol on gloves ? Don’t stoop so low!
I am sure it will be a big show, that's all you have to offer America, a big show!
so we wait years just to see the rain in England.
you are trying to stage a war by blowing up a ship,blaming Iran, real Americans see this. your personal financial ties with to get you $$ while U betray America is ur agenda! your a mom
You are quite the
SHAME ON YOU you &amp; your little crooked Lying are destroying America must go yes it's he is an American Hero trump is not!
What a
LMAO what a , no scandal because the Government is so corrupt.. no-one will hold them accountable
You won't be available after , you'll be busy in court and then in prison for the rest of your miserable little life.
Govt of India &amp; sud act strictly n treat . supporter as . supporter as .Hate/Rumor spreader supporter n haters either be Politician like or or or else
. Holy SH*T!!! Gotta agree with BOTH you patriots on that ! I’m just gonna leave this here...⤵️⤵️🤣🤣
Mamata didi thinks herself as a 'Mastaans' n hd been bulldozing every institutions,which comes her way.She feels tat jst bcos she is a CM, she cn do anything she wants n cn use her power ruthlessly stop any dissenting voice. It's shameful didi
He should be tarred and feathered! No more for me.
TRAITORS THROUGH AND THROUGH.
Why the FUCK did Doris mention demar lmfaooooo.
Surely there are bigger fish to fry you bell-end?!!?
Wow, amazing you can even look in the public eye, OR your public LIE!
He probably.. or should've got mashed on.
I thought you have a spine. Then you supported . And then I realised you can't have a spine, you are a Tory.
isn't only a gangster but that's why
What he really means is 'Jesus would never allow &amp; ...' &amp; are PROFESSIONAL SINNERS!
simply put, trump doesn't give a fatflyingfuck about our national security. he's oblivious to the fact that his actions, and/or lack of, have put in peril every person on the planet, all to feed his ego fantasy of being king of the world.
While BENGAL BURNING, CM OF TMC NOT WB, went for party development meeting?? She is the murderer of democracy TOTALLY EED sheltering MUSLIM TERROR GROUPS in south Bengal to HAMMER HINDUS silent? CM is mentally sick
Nonsense. Weather predictions now a days has improved such that you can predict fairly well before days. What is doing?? Sleeping or planning for some post match interviews... Shame on those supporting stupid
FAKE post from the FAKE/ILLEGITIMATE President!
This is not a GREAT president!
Didnt you vote to repeal Sanction for Oleg Deripaska and Rusal? Doesnt Rusal process Aluminum for Nuclear Devices? Do you work for the US or Russia? Hypocrite Much?
fucking dumbass. He's probably never even finished a book.
Good riddance to this lying sack!
Trump doesn’t pay his bills - he never has and never will - u must sue him in court
Trump asserts executive privilege over Census documents. THIS IS TOTAL FUCKING BULLSHIT!! Are there no limits to the power of this DICTATOR?! What are the grounds for the executive privilege?
is elaining the law of supply and demand pertaining to umbrellas during rainstorms? GTFO you moron.
You have accomplished NOTHING except TOTAL DESTRUCTION of the achievements of your Respected Predecessor which benefitted the USA. You are DEMOLISHING everything THAT MADE AMERICA GREAT. YOU REALLY ARE AN UTTER MORON.
&amp; engaging in criminal activities while the GOP Senate condones it &amp; remain silent!
I agree with malcolm nance, Pompeo and Bolton are war mongers who are looking for a distraction away from trump and his crime family.
America WAS always great until YOU ruined it! You’re no leader! All you are is an over bloated bovine with foul breath, no honor, no principles, no integrity, no dignity and certainly no morals!
Can this turd not be impeached on mental health grounds?
DEMS SUCK . . . . . . . . . . . . .DEMS SUCK . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . DEMS SUCK . . . . . . . . . . . . . . DEMS SUCK . . . . . . . . . HAHA HAHA HAHA
All I know is that white Western girls don't know a SHIT about dirty politics of place like South Asia. Most of them even don't know where Pakistan is? For e.g Trump didn't know Bangladesh Nepal &amp; Bhutan aren't part of India.
You should be ashamed on yourself for ruining the WC . You certainly a biggest dumb in the world for selecting wrong venue to WC Shame on you jerk....
Fucking is ruining everything!!!! My poor
TODAY'S BATCH OF LIES FROM LYING BAG OF CRAP PREZTER THE MOLESTER COMING ON TWITTER ANY MINUTE
is a fascist asshole himself. is what he pathetically excels at and can't deny the fact that he's responsible for destroying our country on the world stage.
Stupid,stupid,stupid
Sunday matchum rain varum pola ... Fuck world cup
Hey Your economy is tanking! Cuz everything u touch...dies GOP LOL fiscal responsible party? Happy Fathers Day, losers
The world hate your your beloved dad (god for you) because he is a , , LIAR AND A RIOTER ! HAVE KILLED ,000 TILL DATE STARTING FROM .
TRUMP IS A USELESS FUCKING IDIOT HIS COMMENTS IN BIDEN HAVE NO VALUE EXCLUSIVE: President Trump hits Joe Biden on policy flips: 'He has recalibrated on everything' - ABC News - via
Unbelievable! WOMEN can NOT let this stand. lawmakers want to go back to keeping women barefoot and pregnant even if in the case of rape. Rape is an an act of extreme VIOLENCE! A shouldn’t have ANY say after committing that crime!
Police brutality is what brought under and down and wiped it out from Punjab. Those who didn't learn, repeated same in Delhi. Agle election mein karaara jawaab milega.
.LOL. I'd pay A LOT of money to see all decked out in his Lance Armsrong gear struggling on the side of the road with his pony tail hanging out his stupid bike helmet as he trekked his way to 's house.
We need to claim “Love it or leave it” as ours. Say it to people who support the treason traitor occupying the White House.
Criminals' Homi, Riots specialist &amp; Co, despo to colonize -WILL try to sabotage talks btwn Mamta &amp; DON'T become pawns in HinduMuslimHinduMuslim :RabidSS
Happy
is a scumbag attorney. A mother of is murdered and you act like a pompous arrogant prick. Good job douche your mother must be so proud of u. GUILTY
Let's get this going. Now is the time!
To all my fellow followers and to those still out there, you guys/gals rock my socks off!!
Just more lies from the Putin-installed
A brilliant spoof of this moron being tipped by morons for PM. Goes to show just how embarrassing politics is in this small minded country.
DUDE, just because you keep repeating it, does NOT make it true. ┌∏┐ (•˽•)┌∏┐
's foreign exchange reserves are very low now. The to face bankruptcy soon under the leadership of . Now, this seasoned beggar will again start begging for alms from rich countries. Now no one can save Pakistan from destruction.
As I scroll through all I see is This Tweet is unavailable. Cause I blocked all you’re fake followers, Russian bots and racist whiners. Make America Proud Again. Cause it’s always been great. Make America Smart Again. Cause we believe in
What an idiot. This asshole thinks he’s fucking
Yep. Same here! I thought I was pretty savvy. I joined twitter cuz I knew then I realized the whole GOP are nothing but scum. That was the real game changer for me. and
I’m usually a little more eloquent with my words, but growing up in Southern California and watching this all happen literally in my face only elicits a three-word response when I think of O.J.; Fuck You, O.J. Yes, I’d say it to his face, too.
and yeah Yeh le tag bhi kar diya you will get international protests and be eed soon.
No weekend would be complete without some drilling hammering sawing and sanding from next door
In my defence I do blame the local beer holy mother of Jesus it was strong .. Because of the stoppage in the first half when the Ref blew for half time .. I thought it was full Time and started heading out the ground
Screw and bring back Joe Crain!!
Shame on you France for inviting paresh naik to your office in Paris ,he is a rapist, Fire him.
All old white men. Jesus help us.
Yup, its definitely still !!!
Don look in your own back yard, how many have died in your country due to your pathetic gun laws.
My Body My Choice. FU . Love Trumps Hate
When it comes to we need to name names The world should know the name of the and the names of those who inspired
Awesome! Can you teach me how to murder someone with a knife?
fuck trump and his bullshit
hope you have a shitty birthday full of tweets demanding your impeachment. You're a piece of shit!!!
MAGAts will be wishing the gobshite happy bday today. This day should be used to celebrate a man with honor not a traitor to our country. June th is plz tweet n keep retweeting these 's to keep them trending all day n his bday
How much would you be willing to pay to see Trump get the shit kicked out of him?
Pubes caught in your zipper %, Trump %
Migrants in Custody at Hospitals Are Treated Like Felons, Doctors Say
Of course, , , , and serial sexual predator of women, will do nothing about this as he has complete contempt for the rule of law, unless he can use it as a tool to bash an opponent!
Watch as 's face goes from orange to red.
is the biggest liar. Donnie this is the only good news you’ve giving. Now is time for you to leave too.
Such Bugs (like) are highly disruptive &amp; detrimental to the health of a functional called India!
How to fuck your footie career before its even started
Absolutely brutal,what them young kids went through. For no reason, they suffered because of politics who wants to kill kids of America who were innocent
Same BS from your mouth, different day. Do your job and quit whining.
You get dumber by the minute, it’s flabbergasting
This will be literally the only thing I am interested in Washington on the th of July! No ruining a holiday celebrating the and not the countries he sold us out to!
ur right those men w/never have b/c u go their off n is lucky is so u can’t get his ass off on appeal keep killing
I think icc full supporting to England to go semi finals and win the World Cup, because no rain in England match's You can do anything but England is not going to win World Cup
We wouldn't have to give bailouts to farmers if it wasn't for trump's tariffs.
Firing your own pollsters who show you behind is bush league. You are the one who can’t win an election fairly.
So OJ Simpson joins Twitter. Instead of blocking his followers he kills them then?!
Hmmm, well then maybe he shouldn’t suck ass at EVERYTHING every single day.
Sarah, you will be remembered for being every bit as crooked as your gaze. Sorry.
The best thing for you to do is shut your lying mouth. No one believes you are innocent of what you were accused of. You are an abuser who has gotten away with murder. Obviously you should have listened to and live your life away from the public eye.
You meant to say you need a Sippy Cup or Baby Bottle. Holy are you HIGH AS FUK?
Right beside you
Search for 'Best toilet paper in the world' on Google. Thanks Sundar Pichai
Your sense of reality is NOT there! Yo are the accidental President!
Meanwhile your bottom lip bigger than your top lip bubba gump
He's a cut up
“I think I’d like to hear it,” - Trump when asked if he would accept foreign opposition research aid. You are not being a patriotic American if you still support Trump. He is fucking all of America over, including you.
Whip out the beer cans and REVERSE it
The first thing you should have learned is that NO means NO
What are you doing? How many concussions did you have? This is madness.
I’ll never forgive this motherfucker or all the people that covered for him
lol 'has a little getting even to do' thankfully knife blades can't penetrate my twitter account
This daft orange shitgibbon has no clue how tariffs work. China or whatever country doesn't pay for it, the country IMPORTING the product pays for and that is passed right along to the consumer. Tariffs rip even more money out of U.S. consumer's wallets.
What a complete babbling !
said she'll find out workers who didn't work in This is culture. Complete failures , aren't responsible but common workers are!! Shameless bunch!! is needed for better
Or all of the above, and some. He really does take the term to a new level.
Another tRump stooge. Because of enabling like that tRump has no shame saying he would break the law right to our faces. Always some tool will come out to defend him
Stop with the Why are you is it because you ARE QUILTY OF TREASON? the world is watching will happen!
we really just wish you would disappear and get out of the public arena. People in your life may be too scared of you, and all the star struck ass kissers may not care, but most of us do. Are you too stupid to notice?!!
Except now we kill them in the womb up until birth. What is wrong with you?!
You r the first CM of a State who became the Satan &amp; villain of entire country by humiliating the entire medical fraternity by calling the Doctors protesting against the murderous assault on their colleague as criminals. Shame.
Trump a national security threat. Trump a disgusting SOB. Trump a national embarrassment. Trump a treasonous traitor. Trump a delusional piece of shit, whom only a handful of deplorables like. Trump a treasonous traitor.
Would you eect anything less from a , no not me...
Coming from a guy he grew up in ’s and loving the NFL - just GO AWAY !! You should be behind bars
Yes true we do not any favour from .
America NEEDS a new President ASAP... Trump is a DISASTER... Has been getting worse and worse!!!!
You are Horrible!
Your father has no brain function. Any opinion on that?
Sat downstairs watching tv, daughter’s in bed upstairs. yo:”Blankie. Blankie. Blankie, where are you?” Me (shout up the stairs): “Babe. You do know it won’t come if you call it?” Hubby: “you’re a dick.”
There was a time when was the 'outside the box' in his thinking. It's a shame seeing what you have become since . You are wrong about Biden and need to stop sounding like a whiny little bitch when talking about him.
Russian college drop out, fold out model &amp; escort, really not even... what a laugh to even assume this compares anything but a street walker with as her pimp!
welcome! If you start having chest pains please remember to start filming so we can all enjoy the show in case you croak.
LEADERSHIP CONTEST If I were Boris I'd l steer clear. Let the BBC suck these neverwozzers into slagging each other off on TV &amp; turning it into a media circus. It's what they're good at.
Some people, by way of association (and assassination), die quicker than they should. Whereas we foretold a mighty dragging, her dragging ended in her death. Yes, she will die -- never be the same again.
Here’s another....
Shame on …..There should be an honour killing organized to cut throats of these mental officers &amp; &amp; ……..may Human Urine fall on yogi's mouth &amp; on upPolice b4 GauMutra….️️‼️
Bad enough they choose to work for a , but if they're also supporters, they're useless.
Another jolt to India decided not to use air space but Go over Oman to Bishek.
Hey just wanted to wish you a HAPPY You fucking disgrace!
In Boris Johnson described the anointment of Gordon Brown as PM following a Labour leadership election as a 'gigantic fraud', a 'scandal' and a 'stitch-up'. Johnson now hopes to become PM by exactly the same method.
has complete meltdown after someone coughs -
I heard Sleepy Joe Biden has been insulting me on the trail. What a loser! He hasn’t even BANKRUPTED companies yet!
Hey : is calling. They say you’re a
Only gone and done it again
Exactly.
Complete
'Replied to a tweet saying something akin to ' oh yeah' Bullshit i did . I said politely they are as fucked as each other . So what is your next reply chief ? OR are you the Perennial victim of oppression ?
The video starts out very appropriate! Trump IS A CARTOON! 🤡 Trump won because he was INSTALLED BY PUTIN &amp; has been defending Putin, and other MURDEROUS DICTATORS ever since!
️“IMA Scam: Who is Md Mansoor Khan? The Fraudster behind IMA Ponzi Scam” ️
well you certainly didn’t come off like a total asshole live on TV. 🤦‍️ Way to go taking your Superiority Complex to the podium &amp; rabidly doling it out on unsuspecting journalists... to whom the only valid use of the phrase “Just doing my job” belongs to.
Oh a bit of a smart ar*e Andrew... if I were you I’d check who started the thread &amp; who jumped on to it...that way you won’t make as big an ar*ehole of yourself as you normally do!!! Save you looking...I started this thread!!!
Too bad he didn’t want you there. Oh yeah, because you are an asshole!
I hope u get gang banged if prison have a nice life thank god I didn’t get a picture with u
Once again, you're an idiot an imbecile and a liar. You know nothing about the Constitution, you worthless colluder with foreign adversary.
Take Nin, add sexual assault, add misogyny, add pedophilia, add bigotry, add homophobia, add hatred, add racism, add fascism, add despotism, add nepotism, add treason, add climate denial, add Twitter, subtract IQ points, and you have Trump today.
what a disgusting country we live in, this goverment pours trillions into the military industrial complex but we can help our own people overhere who risked their own lives on /11
How supporters are made.
You are happy because you have already committed , Right? You have asked for and accepted 'dirt'.You have accepted a Bribe from them all! And you will continue to do It! You have always been Corrupt!
have you watched the DOC Skinheads, You are their mascot. You emboldened the racists and you are responsible alongside of them for their crimes
Since he all but admitted that he would take the info which requires payment implying that he obviously did since he’s been doing Russia favors and making those payments through his entire presidency.
, . rushes into damage control after saying he’d accept foreign help in
was the wel planned Economic Offense against Muslims, Mohammed Monsoor Khan definitely a Agent of the conspiracy by bigger agency
She’s probably lying about leaving so people don’t notice trump selling arms to country that attacked USA on /11.
this is new India agitating against fraud leaders. Bengal CM has lost her mental balance &amp; her sympathy for Terrorist have put the entire state into jeopardy. agitation also demands
Only to be informed of his complete and utter bullshit ...can’t stand the douche bag. But you’re my fave person I follow hahahaha so I will gladly unfollow
Mohamed Bin Salaam - Iranian Clerics- murderers liars Don Trump - See the problem? It was bound to happen.
you’re a disgrace doll hands
This world cup should be ban !! Rain rain rain motherfuckerr ICC Shift this world to another country or ban this world cup
The beach is calling! Weekend has already begun. Celebrate!
It's clear to see why has not taken part, he would be shown to be the moronic buffoon he is.
Thanks for fund raising on the promise of Obamacare repeal from Republican voters only to screw them over by deciding it was more important to put yourself first just to screw Trump in a personal vendetta. 'preciate it.
Was it the frozen meal line, the Applebees entrees, or the Tyler Florence special sauce? Your next goal should be to get blocked by Guy Fieri.
He will metaphorically hang himself all on his own ! As he is an incompetent, overconfident, xenophobe with delusions of grandeur. Just give him time.
A billion Cricket fans waited four years to watch how it rains in England
This is what I hate most about politics today: F*** Business. F*** the NHS. F*** Northern Ireland. F*** struggling families. F*** our allies. F*** the country. As long as we can save the Party, No Deal Brexit will be worth it.
Dr. Kafeel arranged oxygen cylinders with his own money. UP government didn't respond to BRD Hospital's warning regarding shortage of cylinders. Still Khan was arrested. Court pronounced him innocent. IMA, casteist doctors, media, twitterati were all mum then.
How do you say 'Gulf of Tonkin' in ? Oh yeah, in
Benedict Arnold used debt and being passed over for promotion to turn traitor on the USA...I wonder what reason Trump will use???
Next in line to the Tory dictatorship, BoJo, will be welcomed with open arms by President Trump despite there being overwhelming evidence of him taking class A drugs
Hey ...Michael “Dog Killer”Heseltine, what do you think about
You should have stopped here, Senator. I’ve voted for you three times...one time too many. This pains me, but I don’t think you represent me anymore. will be my first vote for a democrat for US senate ever. It’s true
u cheated all cricket fans.. cancel this world cup..
Dear on th June decide whether we play football or cricket. Match to hona hi chaiye
Trumpkin’s are clutching their hypocrisy pearls over &amp; it’s actually pretty great.Look number trending story isn’t a bad troll. imagine how pissed is. It gives me a chuckle.Sorry, NOT SORRY.
And you
Dear Offering namaz on field is not a bigg issue but Wearing glove containing Army logo( non political non religious not harming anyone’s sentiments) is objectable for icc ! Or we(hindustani) start
The NYT has been around long before you and will be around long after you are gone and forgotten. YOU ARE THE ENEMY OF THE PEOPLE!
If tonight has a stroke, who is going to treat her? The same doctors she is threatening and bullying?
Real Talk: If you support you are a Russian sympathizer and have no business being an American. I believe you to be a traitor and should be assigned as such.
Trump blocks three Florida congresswomen from visiting Homestead child detention center
'Yes, I think that for all politicians the thought of a leadership debate is a bit daunting' .. NO - ONLY - FOR - YOU
ICC is not God. If we give in today then tomorrow they will ask us to remove sacred threads worn by players of all religions on their hands and neck.
Trump is the biggest traitor in American history. RT if you agree.
If a cricketer can put their personal sponsors sticker on their bat then why can’t wear a which makes every Indian proud. don’t you have any other work then checking Badges? should back Dhoni.
This bozo is happy for the country to have a PM deciding how much scrutiny he gets. The less the better it appears. FFS.
This is terrifying. And should be part of the news cycle. MSM needs to stop salivating over ’s idiotic speeches &amp; nonsense and hammer him with this policy every time he’s in public.
Not much reporting on the further devaluation of the £ (GBP) against the € (Euro) and against the $ (USD) as well as against most other currencies in the last days ? And Unionists worry about a Scottish Currency
I’d like to challenge this to say this to my face or any member of the + community’s face. My guess, he doesn’t have the balls. Lots of big talk for someone preaching to his own followers:
We should ALL fight back against donnie dump's unconstitutional question on the new census that asks if you are a citizen! Check off □not a citizen!!
&amp; should never be taken for granted They're not free DEMOCRACY &amp; FREEDOM ARE PRICELESS &amp; REQUIRE PROTECTION
Oh Boris the . When ‘Hue mans’ (dark brown Africans) were building pyramids in Africa and created civilisation itself, I think it’s fair to say ‘they had high IQs’! What say you ‘dumb arse’!? And your propaganda is wearing thin by the way🤓FOH
Still. Again Please.
FFS! What are babbling about now?? You’re delusional!
Of course has never called the . HE’S the bad guy. - guys? Come ON.
You just need to stop lying and go back to being a bartender! Hyde is about abortion!
Loser
बाप तो बाप होता है!! 🇮🇳🇮🇳🇮🇳 Foul mouthed scum from is suddenly silent..
Mamta is pissed off at the doctor because someone told her their handwriting is more ligible than her artworks!
You should be in jail
Islam in mission from
Lol..u amuse me But I'm done with you. Unlike u i have a life, i don't live in my parents basement.
Happy..... thought I was gonna say birthday huh?
wow. what a group of sickos
Just a reminder of what an arse Johnson is. He will never be my PM.
He's not even fit to be an American!
isn’t it time for you to violate your parole again?
R. Kelly is a Child Molester and Sexual Predator Lock R. Up!!
OJ, you are by far the greatest running back / murderer (allegedly) of all time! ? The killer is on some course
go to hell ICC... we are not giving away anything !! Ask pakistan team to stop praying namaz on field first !! have some guts and back bone and stand up against this hypocrasy to ICC
Call themselves the most developed country in the world. Call Cricket as the national sport of the country. Yet cant cover their ground during rains in the biggest cricket tournament in the world. Shame on Shame on
You have to take this for exactly what it is. Trump is a traitorous POS. He only cares about one thing and it's not our country our it's people. He holds the highest office in the land by title only and he throws OUR country UNDER THE FUCKING BUS DAILY FOR HIS EGO.
lol 'has a little getting even to do' thankfully knife blades can't penetrate my twitter account
Zero Tolerance of WB Government led by . No law and order. Utter shameful. I request Government of India to take stock of the situation and impose Article for the betterment of the People of Bengal .
in this melee, something remains unreported- who was this patient? How come he had armed hooligan 'relatives' ready for attack at late hour. Any Political connections? Unlikely there won't be
India's pride can't be diminished by a pack of British Morons Show your support for Change your dp.. awesome move!
John McCain = war hero, President Pinocchio draft dodger and traitor
True to character. RaGa Begins another term of buffoonery only way forward for the nation
Trump admin's case for census question is bogus
If Rory Stewart or Boris becomes PM, the UK is doomed.
Nowadays just want money nothing else. The officers are so weak in this institution that they can’t even take a stand for their country. For them money is more imp. Than country’s respect. Such a Shame that is
So, ? Shouldn't they fight back this? ' MP Ananth Kumar Hegde caught on camera beating up doctor at Karnataka hospital | The News Minute'
Yeah fake rape cases should be stopped but Asaram should't be released. He is a danger to the society. He does Brain wash of people and can create chaos in future.
If you make caricature of CM you will be arrested If you chant Jai Shree Ram you willl be put in jail If you stage protest for your rights you will be attacked But still in . ‘s Bengal DEMOCRACY is not in Danger &amp; Khan Market Gang is Silent
what a disappointment u guys are from now on let sub continents host the matches. below par organization skills,
They forget they're here to serve, don't they?
Isn’t that MURDERERs minutes over already??
Here's for , all his staff, Administration and supporters in who were defending his position on breaking federal law. Shame on you all.
Men's Unisex Anti Trump AF T-Shirt in Extended Sizes - Small up to x
It's not just his private life. He is a career list. So he cannot be trusted. And just because desperate Tories do doesn't mean the nation does
He was an informant for the government and it was started by the Republicans...who gave it to the FBI, unlike you.
I am sure that Trump had something to do with this as he would like to start a war. He is so close with the Saudi’s and they hate Iran and pay Trump well. This is a natural disaster caused by men and the man gives no care about other animals nor humanity.
we are an outlaw nation. shining beacon, no more.
Like Bush or Cheney?
Admits He Would Commit A Felony To Win The Election
Non supporters... (AKA non-idiots), will demand serve at least one life term in prison.
Despite of her all heroics in the past..sadly mamta di will be remembered as an arrogant,ignorant,desperate and miss mayhem for all time to come.
🤙🤙 Buy a today. I took the price down &amp; CLICK on LINK in my bio. Or PRE-Order a hat ! 🤙🤟 …
Okay. Hypocrite. Praise Jesus.
The behaviour of Mamata is akin to a stock trader. Having lost money in a trade carries out more for desparate win unmindful of the fact that he/she is losing more and more. Time to get a good advisor
Did they give you research on your opponents, or were you conducting legitimate state business? The fact that you don't understand this simple concept demonstrates how unqualified you are for this job.
Hiding in plain sight like all bullies.
“The enemy of the people, Jim Acosta” At least he admits it.
Wts the stupid logic of sharing a point each by the teams which could not play match due to rain...? Stupendously idiotic. it is unfair change ur rules ,get reserved days to play matches which couldn't have played due to rain .it only helps the fortunate!
That goes double for me of the United States I love America. and we shall rise once again. NO ONE get complacent hit those polls even Most disastrous. I wantt a newly elected President
More like a serial Is he kidding me? So full of himself.
Why spend tax $$ for feeding lodging &amp;health of convicted for the rest of of their life?? W &amp; a child they proved they r not human ..so they should b treated as such ..they each should be raped &amp; then killed publicly .. The End
Why don’t you call him up?
Getting even with who??? Encore going to be getting even by killing your kids too??
Trump shitting on McCain post mortem is about the scummiest thing I can think of.
No. He is and always has been a
They need to use it to block Trump's fat mouth
Because the cocks running the club failed giving us a point deduction tell me again how thats monks fault? Camp had more clean sheets last season than stockdale had previous year and as for the dvb he was class and is a blue
THAT is a total dishonoring of the flag!🤬
This tweet coming from a criminal...irony at it's best. and his vile offspring.
. Someone get him some water from North Carolina and force down his throat.
Oh shut up you , ! in blocking All Bills sent to you....
To the officer who called me today. Re pedophile Roger Wilson. Next time you’re going to lie about a conversation and slag me off; make sure you hit the red button on your phone rather than recording three minutes on my voice mail.
Too bad they won’t call you out on your lies and treasonous ways. Trump crime family should be locked up!
Oh my god, there are mashed potatoes where your brains should be. You vote for a man who claims to have fallen in love with DICTATOR Kim Jong Un, yet you whine about gay rights.
You're as delusional as ever. The economy sucks. No healthcare. Funding cut to Medicare, schools and Special needs children and adults. Your so called 'wall' is a joke. You are responsible for the kidnapping &amp; murder of innocent refugee children.
what a bunch of useless people working for . The whole frenzy of World Cup is ruined. Who elect these suckers
You disrespect the flag by publicly humping it &amp; this is what you speak about. Think you might check supreme court ruling. You also have no problem with a hostile dictator attacking our elections &amp; democracy Spare me your fake patriot raps.
Don’t ya think it’s about time we started impeachment on this liar, he’s okay with foreign countries like Norway, NORWAY? Really?
Your own people keep information from you because THEY ALL KNOW you are an IDIOT!!!!
The pretending president says nothing. SMFH
is a and, Chicago, Illinois
🤬Don’t be a douche canoe! - - -
Omg he is having his cabinet suck off round table 🤢 dignity!
Life in GITMO for traitor Trump and all the GOP co-conspirators!
Pure poetry Lea, it's the way you sum him up in one hashtag - - has a certain ring, I love it.
Idiot Cricket Council - Did you plan the ICC Cricket World Cup assuming it will be played in Dubai ?
Trump brags about his illegal activity. He is an ignorant, cruel, fool. No news there. What is amazing, is how many people defend him, and do not see the danger in his talk and actions.
playing dangerous card game as divide n rule strategy. During Communist rule - Women card. During election n festivals - Religion card. Now Doctors protest - Language card. MEME-ta BAN-HER-jee herself seen as JOKER (Victim card)
You've been a all day, I'll be taking great pleasure in muting your ass.
EVERYTIME that imbecile leaves the US on a foreign visit my stomach turns because I know that to a great many around the world he is who America is. Such an embarrassing, oafish, obnoxious shitstain.
Hey, Jack. Yoohoo, yes you, J€rk Off!! What's with 's connections, eh? You two'se skimmin' are ya? Like you takin' as your personal cash machine? Is that it, ? got a ring in your nose??
Trump is a pathological liar.. He thinks most Americans are stupid SMH..
Pompeo is the ultimate sycophantic toad.
Agreed! is, indeed, the shit pit this country does not need!
When you say white working class that voted for trump... You mean them white !!! Yall can make excuses for them racist &amp; but we know the truth bout them.
Save the saviour
rejoices in the Trump presidency and all those who unquestioningly follow him.
, hutterflop hosting, worest world cup ever seen,
Where was when this brute display of religion was going on in playground? Has they got circumcised?
This portrait is more true-to-life.
this was a police officer?! &amp; this is his side job?! this kind of shit is a direct line to trump.he has fukd this whole world up. im sure it brings him pleasure to know he is as infamous as Hitler.. finally! something hes good at.. HATE
Can I just say that should I ever run for any sort of office (elected or otherwise), I currently have wife, children, cats and tortoises
Boris knew what he was doing avoiding this debate. Boris knew he would have been eed and humiliated! Boris knows. Boris base knows. Boris's financiers KNOW! Boris will avoid all these debates and outings. Why? Boris wants a NO DEAL Brexit!
How she is relating the doctors security issue with political issue.. i guess she wants to make it political...
is a bare faced liar. That all you need to know. Should not even be on the ballot. Shame on you shame on your party
Retweet this forever.
BJP workers being lynched,CBI officials heckled,PM&amp;Amit Shah rallies not allowed,Durga Puja not allowed,Jai Sri Ram banned,abusing the PM in the worst possible way,today she cares two hoots for her citizens health. What else is required to impose president rule?
Wasn't Nin guilty of 'opposition research', I mean along with everything else?
Channel leaves EMPTY PODIUM for Boris Johnson as MP snubs TV leadership debate
Shame on . On such a serious issue he is just sending a letter for solution. If you can't do anything, then have we elected you? We need a Central Protection Act for Doctors with proper enforcement. We need Central Action now. Prove your worth.
You're the one who's bad for this country. You can't be trusted!
you sir are a
Calling top country for cricket ground themselves But compare the covering th ground with indian grounds
Mitch McConnell’s Ties to Russian Oil Money – The Democratic Coalition – Medium
The same people would want Johnson as PM. One message: get us out of the EU. They don't mind racists, liars, misogynists, tax cuts, xenophobes etc. because that's what they believe in too. Johnson/ Farage is brexit on any terms for these voters.
You will get **NO FUCKING WALL**, Donny. Period. End of Story. If our Treasury, which you and your Crime Syndicate have so diligently raped and pillaged, can scrape together $7 Billion there are FAR more important things to spend it on.
Resources.. You do not have funds to run the country.. Tell our PM to take a bowl with himself in further meetings.. May he will get few penny..
See? Once you've established yourself as a and a thief, it's hard to get others to believe you.
please change the cup design as below for the edition
Hi Indians Will Mr. Dhoni today use controversial gloves being a patriot which are banned by ICC ??? If Your Answer is No, than start strike in india and force Modi and BCCI to stop Indian team to Play WC.
Caption Needed.
With no doubt this is a total insane and illiterate behavior.
lol 'has a little getting even to do' thankfully knife blades can't penetrate my twitter account
Karnataka govt published notification on English and Kannada news dailies in -Nov itself. But ROP people cannot read except Urdu , right?
Icc high on weed
East Turkestan In Seconds
Good build a wall around Arkansas!
WTF has he sent Rossi off for?
The Raptor fan waving bye at Durant when he went down is what is wrong with sports fans.
u have so much time to inspect players gloves but failed to checked weather before organising big cricket event like
can see badge but doesn't see the ground was not covered. Most developed Country in and call as the national sports Yet can't do anything for the biggest tournament. Learn something from
People having terrorism in their DNA should not open their mouth to raise question on patriotism of MSD.
The curse of Imran Bloody swine !
is fine bt the irony is tht it is still the single largest party in oppositn wth most seats aftr BJP. Also, all othr Non-NDA parties too endorsing fake At present, one cant hink on anythng evn close to an entity called as Credible Opposition.
Is it just me, or have others acted in good conscience by blocking O.J. Simpson?
Been putting off writing an e-mail since this morning. Don’t know why, it’s not like it could make me a lot of money or anything?
This never gets old. Fuck you you tired sick piece of shit LOSER
Don't forget!!!!! Donald Trump mocked and HATED George H.W. Bush, and % GLAD for his death. We must IMPEACH and LOCK up all Trumps to preserve the sanity of AMERICA!!!!
This POS needs to lose his cocky, self assured, fake smile. He is the murderer of people, and, a convicted felon. How sickening to see his smarmy lounge act yet again.
Look d sun shine during Match. It's a total conspiracy against all other team. choose their venue where chances r Zero. How come eng never faced Rain? CBI shud intervene n investigate against
Sure, the % would never have had their pockets bulge without around. Great job
Took a shit at Trump Tower and purposefully missed the toilet. I'm a hero. Where's my holiday? — at Trump Towers at th Ave
If wins , EVERYBODY knows it's Russian hacking. Everybody. Knows. YOU know it too🤬
/2 years?? Can you ever stop lying?
Why is Ima Jewels Scam isn't a national news No big media house is covering this news on big level The people of have been cheated in this Fraud We hate selected media coverage
. Gosh, it's almost like you don't want the interference to stop but that couldn't be it could it?
. “You are a nasty piece of work, aren’t you?”
says in a video he doesn't treat domestic violence cases the same as others. Also accused of comments &amp; bias. via
WE CAN SENTENCE A MAN YEARS FOR A DRUG THAT’S NOW LEGAL IN STATES BUT THIS MAN WILL ONLY DO MONTHS FOR A CRIME THAT HE LITERALLY COMMITTED AGAINST ANOTHER PERSON
Donald Trump’s Medical Malice
'Look at his record in London..' We have Johnny, and it's atrocious.
And then Tucker screamed 'Remember The Alamo'.
IMPEACH TRUMP! WTF is wrong with you, you senile old man?! Trump tries damage control after offer to foreign spies
We dont need to check the birth date of a , if he is matured enough to then he is also matured enough to .....
called for the death penalty for the kids in Now You See Us .. this is trump. A racist piece of shit. America , watch that show and vote trump out !! Or better yet impeach the mf’er !!!
What a shameful . You dont have any problem with the logo’s of drinks, tobacco , cold drinks , Whichever is injurious to health but an INDIAN Balidan badge is a problem for u... Strange isn’t it ?
Clinton lied under oath about his extramarital affair. And he did it in the Oval Office. Disgusting human.
did this for money without any brains.England is hosting this time but where's the Preparations? It looks like of Swimming not Cricket! But in 's case they have time &amp; energy? I think thinks he's
Yes impeachment is legal, we have seen it before. You will not be the first president impeached.
Happily Queen dahlingsss make his day hellsss, LivingHELLSSS
ORANGE HITLER TRUMP CALL FOR MORE HATE SPEECH. TRUMP LOVES TO SEE FULL TILT CRAZY CRAP FROM THE KKK, NAZIS, GOP, QANON TRUMBO SEZ HATE SPEECH US GREAT SPEECH
Chris Watts is a jerk who killed his wife and his children then pretended that they were missing. He fake cried about how he hoped they would return all the while he knew that he killed them.
Today said he was for sale. His price is foreign info to win. This is
is definitely ! Convenient, isn't it Graham, that Trump backed out of the Iran agreement, even though there were no violations reported?! AND NOW, Trump has jumped aboard the , accompanied by Putin &amp; Saudi Arabia!
Her BODY /Her RIGHT /Her CHOICE FUCK! The Heartbeat bill
So it’s crap because they don’t put shit films on for you?!
America doesn't want you to have a happy birthday president tRump. America wants you in JAIL!
Ok Mr....it is not a disaster because you cannot get the internet in the coffee shop
Cut the word racist out , it's old, used and has no meaning any more
Little, whiny just tried to come at me, and my post on IG. . I hope you all keep fighting the fight. I certainly am
$50 to put /4 tank of gas in my truck and $30 for two people to eat at McDonalds...but I got an extra $20 in my paycheck. Thanks Papi Trump.
Is treasonous &amp; an enemy of the people for posting their poll results about you failing?
COME ON BORIS ! LAY US AN EGG !!
Pic - icc on Ms Dhoni gloves. Vs Pic - icc planning world cup.
He is the only person I’ve ever blocked. OJ 🤓
if u have eyes just observe him(M.S)
Johnson published a poem as editor of the Spectator in joking about the 'extermination' of the 'verminous' people
Dear , ur tweet is reflecting ur frustration towards the success of . Rather than saying 'BullShit', better u concentrate on coming Elections, hope ur party wil get reverse of in .
Hey ,what type of planning is this ??? Majority of your planned matches are disturbed due to rain in . Instead of concentrating on you guys should have planned it properly .
and should have some sort of communication will have two final on same day . How can someone be so wrong on planning such an important event pathetic planning
Federal office says Kellyanne Conway should be removed
Spanky, in between fart-tweeting and inhaling Nambian covfefe in front of Faux Fox news, I hope that you're practising your biglyest Nazi salute &amp; goose steps
Most of all, I'm disappointed. In the system In patients who've taken us fot granted In politicians who see this as an opportunity to talk religion or actually, don't see this at all In non medicos tweeting abt everything bt this
Could not afford a ground cover like this?
This Guy is a reported rapist and if you see him you should imedietly call the cops.
You’re no president. Stolen election, illegitimate , illegitimate scotus.
Couldn’t happen to a nicer guy.
Ground pe kya Kara rahe the
Seriously we need to hijack these rallies- buy up the tickets, go in with MAGA gear on and strip it off in unison with blue gear on underneath.
this is not the time to be silent, this is the time to make use of that foul mouth, i want all the eletives he can muster, I want the dirty finger because deserves it.
And actually impressed me also.
Perfectly said.... % agreed to Gavaskar Sir. Media has habit to sansitize every pity things just for
Yay! Oh yeah!
., union minister of health writes to all CMs- Calls for strict action against any person who assaults doctors.
don’t violate your rules then why u r showing your double standards ??
And this guy is a longtime GOP strategist. Those of us who already thought republicans were a bunch of shit for brains before Trumpelstilskin are much more pissed about the fuckeey going on in DC...
Alan raped young girls! It’s time the truth comes out! He has lost it!
This is a VILE and REPULSIVE woman 🤬 Killing an endangered or threatened species is SICK and I feel she deserves whatever bad karma may come her way. Only trash does this then gloats over it.
GUILTY AS HELL
In Alabama, it's traditional for sheriffs who lose their elections to steal and waste money, destroy public property
Detroit police are looking for a possible serial killer and rapist targeting sex workers
Remember when we had a REAL President in the White House? Ah those were the days. via
There seems to be very little chance of avoiding the absence(s) of Johnson this morning.
Truly Sickening, I'll never forget the images of Nicole and Ron's bodies, this horrifies me that people will follow a .
Why do we have to have such a as President?
lakh doctors to participate in nationwide strike on th june... this is not good.
A war hero and a war zero
Hey Genius,a term is years not and we'll celebrate when your gone.Most likely escorted out in handcuffs!
should only have incarceration rights.
Hummm would like that. We can pull that trigger when aren’t in a position to use it against us, with terrible results btw. Hold that thought a bit longer, besides could possibly win another term before being removed from office.
We know he loves molesting it.
Concentrate in covering grounds not on hand!!
Try not to forget that this does not speak for the majority of the people in this country Guy. 🇪🇺
Wow, why not teach people how to PREVENT unwanted pregnancy instead of murdering the unborn? If you decide your yr old child is a burden, do you just say its ok to 'get rid' of them?
I will take a retirement if not allowed with army gloves . I Never watch any cricket match in my whole life. FUCK YOU anything not bigger then my country self respect
&lt;heavy sigh&gt;
The most diplomatic way of saying someone is a liar.... 'issues telling the truth'.
🇺🇸 I did not always agree with John McCain's policies, but I respected him. I believe he had the country's best interests at heart. Not President Pinocchio, who only looks out for himself.
Let's RoooooAAaaR!
After listening to the interview on I love you Rick
ICC full form Islamic cricket council
England: Indian Cricket team met India's High Commissioner to the UK, Ruchi Ghanashyam at her residence in London, today.
Happy Father’s Day especially to the father who buried the daughter you murdered, and the father who buried the son you murdered. Just go away you scumbag.
You liars are trying to start a war
what would you say about this?? So f**k o** with you comment on glove.
Kenneth Clarke: ‘If there’s no other way you’ve got to bring the government down’ The Tory veteran talks of his dismay at the ‘fantasies’ of the leadership race and his fears if Boris Johnson becomes PM
Read that second paragraph. The Pentagon and intelligence officials do not trust the POTUS
'I got a little getting even to do'. gotta ask, is that what you said that night years ago?
Of course he'll shoot his age! He cheats.
says what!?
House has to have guts to go after Trump
One witch down, so many to go.
Farishta, Jamna, Their religions are different but their fates r similar. let's completely detach rape from Hindu Muslim communalism. Rape is rape, let's look into this menace as a social evil. The country must unite to demand capital punishment for .
Nothing will ever make this not true.
Hope you go shopping for covers this weekend
America is now in the unthinkable position that is a 🇺🇸🆘🇺🇸🆘🇺🇸🆘🇺🇸🆘🇺🇸 WHERE ARE YOU, ⁉️
but there's just no point discussing it. Save your eyes &amp; ears. It's not our choice. This isn't democracy. We have more say over who wins Eurovision. Keep singing &amp; dancing until the Gestapo knock the door.
Waiting for the sisters. With pixie vibes I feel 🧚
Johnson 'He is Wodehouse’s style without Wodehouse’s plot; the well-polished novel without a theme.'
NOW THE BLOOD IS ON DOCTOR'S HAND
Repent, you devil.
'England's rainy weather is putting a damper on cricket fans' moods ️'
Does it matter at the bottom of the barrel?
And as always
is investigating for breaking the law over and over again
A billion Cricket fans waited four years to watch how it fucking rains in England
acts like such a badass then goes around reporting tweets as hate speech when they call her out for being exactly what she claims she’s so proud of. You’re weak, knock it off.
They are not human n they have no right to live in our society, u know wht, it boils d single drop of blood whn u hear rape of year, year , year , year old kids ...
years ago while, as I was a , I was waiting to collect information about a
Mamta govt. Should apologize to doctors .. everyone should respect them.. this is most prestigious job .. they work very hard to serve the people .. their safety is must
Sad reality..
MORE TARIFFS, DOG VOMIT DON, TARIFFS TARIFFS THE MUSICAL FRUIT, THE MORE YA TARIFF, THE MORE YA TOOT, THE MORE YA TOOT THE BETTER YA FEEL, TRUMPERRHOIDS WANT MORE TARIFFS AT EVERY GOD DAMNED MEAL TARIFFS MAKE AMERICA RICH
Who cares if . I live in the Rust Belt, work jobs make $10/hour in each job, no health care but I'm fat and happy to be working.
Yeh, your dad is a CARTOON!
My dog left something on the lawn he can have, but only if he picks it up. I wouldn’t piss on him if he were on fire, so I’m definitely not going to go to all the trouble of sending it.
Trump administration signals support for uranium mining that could touch Grand Canyon
Our rights are only % of the package The other % - our obligations Those who ignore their obligations shouldn't enjoy equal rights with functional members of society
I hope they eat her alive. She is guilty as sin &amp; has a hell of a lot of nerve returning to the very country where she committed her infamous crime.
Traitors and cowards.
Dear you may try removing the Army insignia from 's Glove, But you can not remove his love for nation from his heart! We people of India are with Dhoni always 🇮🇳
He can do a speech about sheep and sharks though
and you’re too busy checking up on what Blues fans are doing
No-deal 'would threaten the very future of the UK' says Welsh Government Brexit Minister
This are give resignation but they don't stop the service, in government hospital not in a private clinic or Nursing Home.
Shame shame shame..
Happy Birthday Cadet Bone Spur, I hope you choke on your cake. Signed all of CANADA
Too busy (scared) to join the debate tonight Boris? Or did your handlers simply forbid it???
I'm glad OJ is on Twitter. He will be able to know what it feels like to be annihilated on social media. His ego will not take it. I bet he'll be gone in under months.
Q: When will it rain money for ? A: When there is 'change' in the weather. ️️️️
This is how TMC MP of Murshidabad of has openly issued rape threats to the lady doctors.,,,
I wouldn’t trust Boris Johnson to put a lead on a dog, let alone lead the nation
This is Stan Kroenke. He says he moved the Rams b/c St. Louis is only a baseball town. However, there were more fans tonight at the Enterprise Center and Busch Stadium watching the Blues on jumbotrons than who watched Stan's shitty Rams teams in person.
everyone. t? I guess no one cares do you?
Happy !
Mr. Johnson Back at it Again
No collusion occurred in , but I'm open to it on ? Makes total sense!
FCKNG
I've stepped in things that had more integrity than Donald Trump.
Does THIS look like the face of a and traitor?
THE ONLY OPTION IS TO IMPOSE PRESIDENTS RULE IN WB. has bcum totally blind in her bid for Votes n Appeasement Politics. Won’t Attend Meeting Called by CM Mamata This Evening: Doctors
is a sick joke vehicular homicide who is friends with a real every dime the family made is Nicole &amp; .
Ya I think he already did that. And got away with it.
I counted at least 'tremendous' &amp; billions in Agolf's speech.
So if this can happen, I'm guessing that unicorns should exist. They are both impossibly inelicable scenarios you need to be aware of public opinion, and I don't believe it's in favour of Boris.
The President Of the United States just said that the moon is a part of Mars. AYFKM? 🤣🤣🤣🤣🤓🤓🤓🤓
lets be fair. EVERYONE mocked for this one. anyone who is SO tribal they defended this gaffe is an utter cretin, (and probably as well)
YouTube pastor who celebrated Pulse massacre featured in ‘Make America Straight Again’ conference
Faith-Based School Cofounded by Nicholas Sparks Accused of Homophobic, Racist Policies and Ideology
Glad Collection of Mana is getting a physical Switch release And happy and day lol
He is a and and wants to interview his idiot wife to get her sympathy
These are the same government doctors who have resigned from their post! P. S : this is not some private chamber or nursing home.. These are government hospitals
He's got a little getting even to do? Then he says God bless? Yeah I'm sure God would want him to spend the rest of his days on this Earth getting even with whoever he thinks Did Him Wrong. I'm hoping Twitter welcomes him with its usual razor sharp aplomb.
It's doesn't matter to them the tickets are already sold in advance month before..
A letter by to West Bengal CM on NRS Medical College issue. Bengal West Bengal
Fucking brutal. Oblivious to anything that doesn't effect him directly; classic narcissistic personality. is an embarrassing lout so out of his depth it'd be funny if it wasn't so disturbing. This fraud is our 'President'! It's goddamned sickening!
Chiii thuuu... really can't even handle that...? Reply my previous tweet !!
No. One. Believes. You.
Hos only chance of winning any election is if ALL his supporters show up to vote and the Democrats stay home. The 's dont lie. He's still sitting at only % support which is his base that hasn't moved. Pathetic actually.
should better focus on hiring good umpires rather than eyeing on Dhoni's gloves..
. As we suspected a shower of numpties. Wish had been there to show the full ridiculous hand the Tories have to play. So glad to have as alternative.
In India Thousands of Doctors Strike for Better Security Conditions
You’re a for what you are doing to America.
I dont think so. Jackie had style, class, bearing,wit, educated, career(editor) and damn good taste...Other Stiff ass mannequin, speech plagiarist half rate model. Sorry magas she was never ever a super model
Getting out of work in Times Square be like.
You forgot to thank Satan, but Mitch is close enough
Your lies won't win the next time around. You will go down in history as the worst POTUS of all time. Everyone who supported you will have to answer for their crimes. It will make Nüremburg look like a Disney movie.
- especially on his BIRTHDAY
If this isn't an impeachable offense, what is?
I despise people who defend him for ANY reason more every day! Won't even bother getting started on in how many ways this is psychotic!
ICC guys before planning WC
reveals new proposed Air Force One designs - Spend spend spend
He admits to grabbing crotches, mocks a disabled man, disparages a prisoner of war, professes his love for dictators, calls white supremacists fine people, golfs on the taayers dime at his own properties, is in violation of his oath of office.. what more do you need?
ICC trying to control Dhoni on gloves vs ICC deciding world cup matches
why can't mamta govt promise prob into lynching happened in a hospital..file FIR, catch them and resolve the matter as many patients are suffering and situation is getting worse.. Instead she is being silent and I m sure will blame current center for it..
Doctors doing their job well, treating Didi
That was about as insincere and fake as you can be! Nice job with the fake crying and sniffles! Lol
Maine governor signs law eanding medical professionals allowed to perform abortions
Kamala Harris: Trump is a 'clear and present threat to democracy'
Whoever came up with the idea of declaring today was genius! By the way, I hope has his worst and last birthday of his empty, miserable life.
So we can't get the cure now??? Shut-up, Joe. You sound like
You must be unaware that when old tattered flags are retired from service they are often burned in a respectful ceremony. Will this law make this illegal?
While violence, of any form, subjected on anyone is wrong, does anyone recall, IMA speaking up, when kids were dying, at BRD Gorakhpur, due to lack of oxygen &amp; the Ajay Bhist govt was arresting doctors, to hide it's own shortcomings ?
How can such a practiced liar as be scared of making a mistake in the TV debate and how on earth is he going to cope with the EU, will he just refuse to engage?
Who in the world would want to follow , who’s a psychotic self-deluded ? Oh silly question.. Liberals will do anything , that creates personal infamy..
I love how he pulls that bush league shit but remembers to thank his lord and savior before he crosses the plate. , .
Police officer at CMRI Hospital slapped a junior doctor in the evening 'without provocation' Do think the idea work in under chief ?
What KILLS me about this is that old Trump-sucker spent YEARS calling President Obama 'President Kardashian.' I'm sure that drug-addled fool has already found a way to spin THIS as a GOOD thing for Donald Trump. FUCKING HYPOCRITE
said, only yesterday, that drug addicts use food banks to fuel their addiction. She isnt sorry. And we wouldnt accept an apology anyway. The only thing we will accept is a trial.
“Happy birthday mister president” Above is one thing I’d never say to him and two words I’d never call him.
As if telling this is illegal will deter him.
While enduring the test of our public safety sirens, I can't help but wonder how different it would be if the candidate with the most votes was actually our President.
Your Tweet hasn’t gone down very well Matt. I’m not surprised!
People waited for years just to hear that the match is abandoned.. ! very poor planning , you couldn't find few days without the rain in years ! should be rescheduled if same thing happens.
haha wat een is dat toch ook... remembers reading the paper he wrote....
: ’s Foreign Dirt Bombshell Violates Oath Of Office .....
I don’t think Hillary Clinton voters are underestimating this. What do you think happened in ?? But her emails, she was a terrible candidate? No! He cheated!
Look over ds topic please...
and Board Has perfectly planned to spoil and Mentally giving trouble the other teams by fixing it on this june month. Which is mostly monsoon days in
He says that if you give your life for allah then you would got to jannat which motivates suicide bombers of many terrorist organisation
the Moronic Bully is Sabotaging the U.S. &amp; the World
I've heard the to hrs a day he works is really tough...
Those who beat up doctors,are anti-nationals.
Monday tens of thousands IMA members will abuse Elders and let many of them to die without medicine just to ensure more votes in Bengal for their party! ?!
June ,
That's right. You're !! .........and most
Thank you for being part of a dictator Govt in WB. You lost my respect, which you garnered since my childhood.
His highness a fugitive like Mohammed Mansoor Ali Khan who has cheated ,000 poor Muslim families worth of ,500,000,000$ amount &amp; he is in now Need your intervention they have broken financial backbone of Muslim need your support His Highness
She probaBLY did!
of the A P-plater who was clocked at km/h over the limit in South is one of the worst speeders in the state this year. nabbed the -year-old man going km/h in a km/h
Deaths of a vast swath of the population due to the poisonous policies of the .
post-convention, security background checks should be mandatory for any presidential hopeful once chosen by their respective party. just sayin'.
The time winner of the popular vote never “thought we had states”. What’s funny is that this is all you have. What’s sad is that trump admitted to that all politicians are as corrupt as he is.
Is Trying To Hand Democrats The With New Plan To Repeal
Remember to dance today!
I’ll get a restraining order on him and it wouldn’t work
That fucking bloke with the megaphone trumpet thing that keeps shouting no brexit on the news needs locking up, it does however interest me what means of employment he may pursue 🤷‍️
Khao, WorldCup Jao... Waha Baarish Hogi, to fir Brittania Khao...
Waiting for years for such a grand Tournament and four-matches are abandoned next time be focused on the venue instead on the wicketkeeper's gloves
and for !
'S NUMBERS ARE DOWN!
Hey He MURDERERS people who disagree with him And that makes him your hero?!? WTF....you sad pathetic orange buffoon!!!
Welcome to ICC (Islamic Cricket Council) where Pakis offering namaz is peaceful &amp; obedient af.But Dhoni’s gloves with balidan(sacrifice) badge is offensive &amp; ‘against the rules’.
That whole birthday ego stroke session in the rose garden, as that was looking around with that big smile on his face, was . 🤮
TRUMPERRHOIDS WANT THE SWAMP DRAINED - NOW ITS TIME TO DUMP TRUMP, THE IDIOT GRIFTER, PISSING THE FUTURE AWAY
Big breaking news massive vacancy in health care sector in Waste Bengal. mamataj banu will recruit civic doctors . qualification- TMC supporter Butchers from piss full will be recruited as surgeon. Apply now
Guys a bit of a
Says the man who is just returning from a twitter ban youre all criminals! Impeach immediately!
There should be only one punishment for , hang them till death in public. And the supporters of (religious or political) should rot in jail until they become Humans. , , &amp; all Rape Victims should get justice asap.
Single-handedly one megalomaniac &amp; personified egoistic monster passionately destroys one entire state; nation along with govt watch like mute spectators? India is positively light years away from democracy.
Who the fuck parks a transit on a corner like that...?!
cna be arsed way mr mhor tomorrow
hey James your music still sucks, anyone can come up with that “your beautiful” hahaha
Douchebag Ben needs to see a proctologist bad for a rectal exam. He may have pushed his butt plug up too far.
“the swamp” in Moscow trying to buy his way into Putin’s good graces and make some money.... so basically just like his presidency only this time it’s Treason 🇺🇸
On this day, we remember a man people respect. No. NOT the faje bone-spurred coward Today is ALL ABOUT WAR HERO
why does this useless sack of shit still have his freedom
Hey, Disgusting Donnie, I have exactly ZERO extra money to play the Stock Market. Pretty sure not a lot of people do. ┌∏┐ (•˽•)┌∏┐
That is why I feel nothing when same police kicks their own ass. Same had also thrashed veterans during OROP agitation few years ago, tore their clothes and ripped their medals. So yeah it's always
You are a dirty president.
Trump is a lazy, lying, cheating piece of shit grifter. And he's stealing money from my community.
...flapping .....................
DEMS SUCK DEMS SUCK
You Know what they say The douche doesn't fall far of the bag To watch more check out the late show YouTube channel. …
OMG seriously trying to justify being a douchebag? No! You're illegally using a handicap placard I hope you get caught every single time you do it a $250 ticket
He is so fucking embarrassing &amp; a fucking asshole
You are as and wicked seed of Tigray as that of illegitmate citezen , who has extreme hate towards Eritreans. We now know the dazed and confused slaves are in the same beds with all Previous Ethiopian emperiord who wanted to crush Eritreans for good. .
It is the duty of the President to preserve, protect and defend the of the U.S. and yet morons in the Mid West (Ohio &amp;Iowa) continue to support . These states deserve to Rust.
A rapist lecturing on how to be a good dad. Mmkay.
A trump level of stupid!
If we want to unite our country and our society, we should actually ask you to F-off our of it .
Trump is just a straight up . He needs to save the lies for his wives and mistresses and Not the American people. Mexico Agreed To Deploy National Guard Months Before Deal With Trump: Report
Hypocrit ..
And they said Wenger lived in the past and only survived on his past glory... and You'd think during the closed season there would be more time for them to have sex rather then bash ozil/Wenger.
Are you guys bunch of j****s shameless creatures.Happily tweeting everything but nothing about abandoned matches!! ,And do you have any plans for coming matches?
Hate speech
One question. How come there has not been a drop of rain during england's matches? All day sunny and bright. and . Scheduled all england matches in accordance to the weather and neglected all other matches. And ecb can't get ground covers. FUCKOFF
Walking on Road A random uncle to me: Oye betichod Me: Haan Sasur ji.
The Fraud is occupying the Oval Office.
Because tRump and his ilk have MADE IT CLEAR PEOPLE FROM OTHER COUNTRIES ARE NOT HUMAN.
Early morning Farting exercise, organised by ICC for there loyal dogs
- I can get away with starting five
please stop using undue pressure on Indian cricket team. Remember most of your earnings come from also take whatever fine you want to but dhoni will keep the cup.
For all the assholes who don’t understand what fascism is, it’s literally on our doorstep, happening now at a southern border near you.
I wish your mother swallowed you! Fuck you and fuck your birthday bitch
They will never say that that would be a lie, their job is to report the truth. That's your job also, but you don't know how. You say the media has been against you since day , they report the truth &amp; you have quite a history!! Pull your big boy pants up, &amp; except it!!
Someone is dying for daddy's attention.
So has time to go to talk gibberish with Suman, FOR AN HOUR, but DONT HAVE A MINUTE to come to NRS Hospital and talk to junior doctors. Slow claps.
You could meme the heck out of this, but also it sits untouched pretty well too.
is not a liberal conservative! He’s whatever will give him a pay rise or more power along a fickle Tory continuum
is a dirtbag POS and an embarrassment to humankind
Boris Johnson on Gordon Brown becoming Prime Minister This mans HYPOCRISY is unbelievable
The English love a buffoon but the Boris Johnson joke went tragically wrong | News | The Times
Rudy.. you ARE Idiocy..
What pleasure do you get by killing a ? I dont think I am wrong in arguing would be the same feeling for a
Britain: (While colonizing the world) If We Don't Leave Your Country Today, We Have Reserve Day's ! Britain: (While hosting the Cricket World Cup) We Have Rain Day's ! इन अंग्रेज़ो ने आज भी परेशान कर रखा हैं!
I often hear Tories muse, a premiership “will cheer everyone up”. When your party looks like it is going to hell in a handcart, they reckon you might as well hurtle towards the inferno with a smile on your face
G E T O U T... GET THEM ALL O U T .
You didn't get this yet.? Its the party going on, nobody want to disturb this.
Simply put - lacks spine
So does everybody apparently relationships to their EX? And then they go too far to get the exact opposite but that's not okay either? moving on
Enjoying listening to try and backpeddle his comments about accepting foreign help and being a willing participant to !
is allowing to sons! is being by the .
KEEP on the Press .. they still won’t publish news AND Want to keep presenting TRUMP AS VICTIM MEME.. whaddya think about that IS TRUMP the victim in his $1.5Million payment for of OWN CHILD conceived on Ivanka lookalike?
We should start an ! Congress can get ALL the info and docs they need bc Impeachment Subpoenas can NOT be ignored! Congress needs to show the American ppl that , and ! Then Impeachment proceeding can begin!
Can someone please pull the insane a$$clown OFF the flag... he’s desecrating it! Also:
Criminalizing Freedom: The Attacks on Abortion Rights and Free Speech in the Age of Trump
Well then...Maybe Hillary should have sold them more uranium!
When you tell your mom you got into a political altercation with her lifelong friend and had to unfriend them. My mom is
That’s what warned us about!
Tumari sarkar me jaise sab perfect tha? We can see who is blaming more here !
Lonely Orange 🤡
OMG! ANNOUNCE THE OPENING OF AN NOW! TRUMP PRESENTS A CLEAR AND PRESENT DANGER TO U.S. DEMOCRACY!!!
He is very immature and lacks character. A good man would know how to treat a lady and move on without drama.
Why is NJ so silent on Trump’s statement that he is still willing to let Russia interfere with our elections? What does Trump have on Smith?
If Boris can't be bothered to turn up at a debate. Then next general election I can't be bothered to vote for him.
Any updates on this pension you think you're paying for me?
Of course she has a NASCAR header, and a red MAGA hat and not one ounce of sense.
Fantastic that does his best to prove politicians aren’t just flakey and out for themselves and have deep,rooted values! apparently he’s eyeing up the leadership
IMPEACHMENT HIM FINALLY...........i am sick of seeing and hearing his lies and bullshit-racist-braggings....FUCK TRUMP
i prefer 🤓🤓🤓
Ahh yes. The Tories are responsible for Ford deciding not to make any more engines. I get it now.
Oga Ahmed, I would love if the report you came to gave is that your friend couldn't know what to do with the head of the rapist but you guys are you way to police to hand over the Useless head, you will need all the support to back up what has been done. must die
Condemn a foreign power who attacked our democracy?🤔🤔🤔 ohhh, you must be talking about Benghazi. You rememember that right Hill? Where Americans were killed while you ignored their requests for help.
Isn’t this the had to school regarding I guess beggars can be choosers. at its finest
Why should tax payers money be used to feed and harbour such nasty dirty criminals??I forbid this order and ask for death to all of them coz am not ready to contribute my tax to feed such people abuser law minister of India
This gay couple’s neighbor has torched their car &amp; tried to shoot them. Police won’t help them.
Mr. 'No-Collusion' confessed that he thinks Collusion is OK.
Trump to America: Who’s Going to Stop Me?
Where's the garden bridge you piffle laden baboon? You were an embarrassment to the greatest city in the world.
This killer CM must be diagnosed soon before more ppl are harmed. She is protecting Muslim criminals at the eense of ,000 innocent lives in the state!! Is she insane?!?
. The time has come to get rid of this . He is inviting once again. Remember, when they show you who they are, believe them!
LET'S GO DOWN YOUR MEMORY LANE!
Is espncricinfo handler Pakistani or aussie, his hatred towards Indian is just too much Pakistani don't boo they jump with suicide belt and BOOM!!
Sir, the only one guilty of TREASON is you. Stop letting Russia run America. Is accepting their bribes more important than DEMOCRACY? Really??
Hey Gil, by all means, do it again. Just don't risk others.
Best Rain Dance Party Ever June its Going to be another washout
G E T O U T... GET THEM ALL O U T .
To watch the video
Socialism... as you categorize it, is already here.
blew off a debate for British prime ministerial candidates. But the empty chair said a lot
Need of the hour trends and it’s a matter of honour n racist mentality of rule is rule and rule for all
you are a . God is calling you to repentance. You will reap what you have sown. How can you escape damnation?
Thanks a lot Trump! Can't even keep the nba title in the USA. First time ever!
July , Helsinki, Finland is all the evidence I need....
continues to try sooooo hard to remain relevant. is the only one who cares
Voter: Trump's lies don't change my vote
At this point, I think Trump is just rummaging through a deck of Garbage Pail Kids to come up with nicknames. Next will be Upchuck Schumer!
I'm quite sure that he would be beaten as hell by Performing against low profile teams doesnt make him a rockstar
Part of the Hitler Youth League. What do you eect.
If your avi is Cardi then your opinion is automatically invalid.
Peoples should and of any age. They all are also like Mother and sister. And should take strict against the and should make a law.
Oh that CombOver 🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣
We all heard tRump say it on television. So, he didn’t collude but given the chance to collude, he would. On the question posed to him about accepting forign intelligence on an opponent. “I’d take it.” - Donald J. Trump
Anyone who invites anyone else to attack America is a traitor. I think that’s fair.
Go. Away. Stay. Away.
Interesting you have Khloe Kardashian as your Instagram we know she’s your daughter.
So they look like you and your followers.
A tale of two gloves. . socked out and they complained to wale aaye khelne match fine worth it . Another failed a bouncer test. Kitne aadmi the ? Ek Nile poora Get well soon !
trial: of , , ?
Fantastic news, you’re ignoring your child on Father’s Day to golf with the one who kisses your feet the most .. He must be delighted to be the favoured one today!
I think the same thing , always have , because he’s a sore fucken loser whom hasn’t a fucken clue what reality is ....Viva the revolution!!
A career politican quoting ethics. Now that is funny.
Murderous douchebag says what now?
LOL . If it wasn't so PATHETIC... it would be funny that you think you've accomplished so much. You've accomplished NOTHING... except divide this country !! You are the absolute WORST one-term, so-called President EVER
Once thought impossible, The Fake President gets more dishonest and more dangerous every day.
Final award. We all love him but hes our dick of the season. He sulks, he moans and he can play left back. Refuses to run the line and hes massive dick. Wears his cocks with pride.
But you can't physically attack someone on Twitter and lop their head off if they upset you, like you did to . You can't slash and stab here, like you did to . I'm not sure if this is the place for you ends in
Opinion: The NRA is the Godzilla of swamp monsters
We can only hope and maybe there will be a balloon of wearing a dunce cap! .
Some record labels Owners can kill Talent sha.... Awon
DId you find the real killer yet? Can we get an update on your investigation?
With an eye on a job in a Johnson cabinet, Cleverly positions himself as a thoroughly decent chap to deflect attention from Johnson’s cowardice which is plain to see.
Good Riddance Lyin' Sarah Hucka-bye! You will never be believed again. You're guilty of aiding the with your own to the American people. Shame on you! is a demon! 'bigly' mouthpiece
BYE BYE !!! Leaving a sinking ship I guess LOL, please take -- how who is the orange cheeto going to replace with the LIAR !!! Another Liar I am going to assume...
Keep trying to walk back your comments, traitor! The need to condemn and admonish you. Enough is enough. It's time to put country over party and put you behind bars where you and half of your lousy family belong.
Anyone who invites anyone else to attack America is a traitor.
Someone's Ego Got Butt Hurt!! LMFAO!!
G E T O U T... GET THEM ALL O U T .
Trump’s Electoral Shenanigans Are Getting Worse
Mamata didi and her goons are terrorising doctors across the state yet no left leaning self-certified liberals are calling it 'terrorism'. Remember, the motive is political and target is indiscriminate. That qualifies as terrorism.
Hey , she holds the purse, good luck get funds for 's pet products. Oh and happy , say to the cow (sorry ) .
See who funded the ! You may be surprised. via
Protests in Part : for
In .......... get rights. So a teen Raped by their , can't get an but they MUST let their see the child.
Happy everyone!! I will spending it remembering a true hero.
Ali Catterall's take on it all ..
perfect plus add lbs.
Our is more worried about a few stabbings overseas, but is blind to the s of deadly shooting in the U.S. every week! Do your job Trump - you are the disaster!!
was an American treasure who inspired millions of Americans and made us proud. Melania is a Russian whore. 's left over.
should be and there should be .
Given his track record, hiding is a smart PR tactic.
Great parliamentary quotes of our times.
There is a saying .. 'Vinasha kaale viparita buddhi'. This applies to perfectly.
Perjury Imminent After Transcript Of Interview With Kavanaugh Accusers Is Revealed
On a flight to Lanzarote , pilot said Wales had won -1. It’s all about the bantz with them lads.
Great round up of last night's televised debate by . Can we say that democracy is dead yet? Silence is golden as Boris's lectern wins Tory televised debate | John Crace
working on his final and biggest bankruptcy ever, buhleave me! before he
Really only one response to Trump at this point. TRAITOR
Years of hard work to be just worthy of that WHITE COAT. Instead of saving the public’s blood, it got stained with MY OWN
AIIMS Resident Doctors issue ultimatum to West Bengal government; say if demands not met within hours, they will go on indefinite strike..!!
Good morning my lovelies!
THE has RAPED THE CHILDREN of the WORLD &amp; MURDERED them have EXTORTED THE WEALTH OF THE WORLD WHY DO YOU ALLOW IT?
White House Washigton DC
Almost Father’s Day and all I want is a hug from my dad and I can’t even get that.
Ways and Means Committee Chair Doesn’t Want Medicare-for-All Hearing to Mention “Medicare for All”
Now as a protest,. should wear glows with insignia and pay % fine.. all problem solved.
I think Rain will be top on chart and we can see it on FINALE also
No threats to as fabricated by
If baahubali would have played world cup
Dems call for impeachment over Trump’s election comments
Doctors of west bengal do not wish to meet d injured doctors and she don't care about them as well as do not wish to take action against the accused.
You sought information from a foreign adversary that was obtained through illegal hacking, different than talking to the Queen.
Doctors in India = Mandir ka ghanta Stop treating us like this
What I cannot understand is how the GOP continues to turn a blind eye to and continue to support him. He admits to illegal actions to win at all costs. The GOP sold their souls when they nominated trump. It's all about making profits.
He continues to make money off his position in violence of the emoluments clause. And just the other day he said he would break the law in receiving info about a political opponent. He's a con man and the average American is his mark.
Nothing less than this
Dear people saying, Doctors deserve it 'pitne do saalon ko..' We wonder what would happen, If we said, 'marne do saalon ko...'
rain ruin the WC.
I saw a portapotty full to the top at work today &amp; thought of you trump &amp; I realized something. The full portapotty has less shit in it than you &amp; it does it's job well. You could learn from that.
people, we have to stop this fake activist troll from ruining our movement.
He published poem on 'extermination' of 'verminous' Scots
That’s how are treated in Dubai -Full &amp; Final on the spot with in minutes. should bring strictest law for Rapists to set the precedent. So that, no one will ever dream to even think of raping &amp; Law should not be gender biased
(1/2) Rain stops the match ICC : we have rain insurance Onto the next match This is what does. if you can't organise Match you must stop calling yourself the apex body and relinquish those rights to someone capable enough like or
´Super Ruperts´ : yes. The donkeys, as in ´lions led by donkeys´.
Layleen Polanco is the th trans woman found dead in U.S. this year
This is very poor planing of world cup
It's Getting Pretty Hard Not To Get Ejected From A Game Ángel Hernández Is Umpiring
Twitter: is Trending ICC: Wtf? WHY? Indians:
We have more and in parliament then we have in prisons and we are supposed to trust these people they bring in laws we have to abide by but they then break
Truly funny: you say it happened in but THIS is a Rush. Do you see the irony in your hesitation?
Trump’s legally problematic claim that he’d accept “oppo research” from foreign governments, elained
is washed away. Poor Management.
Doctors turn down Mamata's invite; demand apology
And you’re a
Dear you better concentrate on umpires who are sooper in last match ..No balls ni choodatledu ra ayya..Niku Dhoni gloves gurinchi enduku Thanks supporting him
She blocked a bill that would make what’s already illegal, illegal. It is illegal to accept any foreign help in an election campaign. You broke the law &amp; you said you’d do it again. What good are laws when the president himself is more than willing to ignore them?
So maybe McGahn should tell Trump that he's now decided to comply with the subpoena and he's going to answer everything the Dems ask.
and then the magic happens.
This is the face of fascism coming to America! Remember he also signed bibles like he’s the second coming of Christ.
I can't believe even this turned communal. Doctors of all religions are protesting. We aren't divided. Were the rest of you sleeping earlier when other attacks were perpetrated by Hindus? Or was it not convenient for your narrative earlier? Stand United please
what can possibly go wrong with someone wearing a glove with a logo which means nothing to you but everything to the player what would have happened if he had a tattoo of the same .. what u would have done .. enjoy the game and stop being kejriwal
And we all know what a good judge of right and wrong trump is.
Not only are you a slob physically but also morally and ethically. You are making a flimsy excuse for murder. Why not encourage support for women who carry their child to term and offer adoption alternatives to loving couples instead of taking the easy way out.
Shoutout to blind PTI followers. Read and understand the level of deception your druggy captain sold you! ِ_اعظم ِ_انصاف_قاتلِ_انصاف
What a poor advertisement of Hope same thing happens for match. deserves it. Poor Schdule, Poor Ground conditions, Poor Rules &amp; Regulations. Important tournament is wasted.
He left his hotel, airline, “university,” steak scam, vodka scam, wives, children... etc.
U.S. will examine North Carolina poll books for election hacking
GOP = Guardians Of Putin
Pee pee tape
Trump is reportedly in denial about his campaign’s bleak internal polling
You are a joke.
I’ve said this elsewhere but oj is absolutely KILLING IT on social media these days. He is ABSOLUTELY SLAYING it.
Despite all your corruption we will be great again once you're out office and in jail where you belong!
Well this realisation only is not enough, we didn't start it . All we want now is a safe and secure atmosphere to work in ️
I am 🤢 with having to hear that hag Conway!
is a DRUNK AND
Sometimes, just sometimes, I wish I had the intelligence of a 't. That way these times would be filled with blissful ignorance as I support a man who lies to my face daily while working against me. Unfortunately I am not a fucking moron. So I see it.
Thanks for 'eing' Jon Stewart as Jewish
Once Upon a Time was know by the name of land of ' RABINDRANATH TAGORE ' But now has become a LAND of A Dictator &amp; psycho she's Destroying the Culture &amp; Heritage of
Documented having spewed nearly ,000 lies in months. Honesty.🤣🤣🤣
Happy John McCain day!!!
Trump is functionally illiterate🤡. Does he know relatively few Jews vote Republican + few voted for HIM
day. That’s not a trend, that’s a fact.
I live in a world where it’s possible could be prime minister and is actually a president. What the fuck is going on 🤷‍️
Deranged display of fake patriotism. Meanwhile and Dump sell the country behind close doors to highest bidders.
Y does he look a twat least he stuck to his word , all he needs is the date underneath n it’s a memory of the night
We don't need to check date of birth of a
has over K followers? That's is sick.
As I always said, the deals b/w Zameer Ahmed &amp; Mansoor Khan is out, many other bigwigs are also part of this scam. I strongly demand the investigation to be handed over to CBI, which is the only ray of hope for the thousands of victims of .
The Orange Man-baby is Public Enemy Number One! When will his Moronic Supporters get well?
Boycott ICC World Cup mean for international chutiyapa council
Can you support the March for Change on July ? March against Boris ..
When even one of your closest allies can’t defend your reprehensible words.
Zaghari-Ratcliffe’s husband 'resented Boris Johnson'
you have ruined the tournament. Never ever try to organize it. Better take some management lessons from .
That is how most people including me are feeling that today is that SOB Trump birthday lol.
Trump's impeachment poll numbers highest since Nin
Pic :- Indian grounds pic :- Others grounds
I hope I live long enough to see be president.
Good riddance to that heffa she beast.
ICC Rain World Cup 🤣
US embassies defy tRump administration's ban on Pride flags
In a driverless future they won’t drive
Dekha It takes them less than a minute to drag and justify it. Innocent cop my foot. Same police was killing random Sikhs and brought mobs to do the killing spree in .
IN WORLDWIDE : DEVIL POSSESSED SEVENTH KINGDOM DONALD HAS BEEN FOUND GUILTY OF AND HAS BEEN SENTENCED TO ! TRUMP HAS BEEN ORDERED TO TURN HIMSELF INTO THE LEGAL AUTHORITIES TO BE EXECUTED
ICC doesn't allow religious and political activities then WTF is this. Lt. col.Dhoni Wears Army insignia for Pride🇮🇳
R. Kelly is a Child Molester and Sexual Predator Lock R. Up!!
Happy Birthday Traitor!
Thanks Tuttle. Honored beyond belief.
WARNING: FLASH Stupidity is never part of a solution, it is always part of a problem Stop treating as equal
Dear &amp; u have arranged such a big event can u can't provide indoor stadiums for cricket or spend some money to cover full ground so that as well as rain stop game can resume
Because you knew NO ONE supported this stupid idea!
Because there are no consequences to individual . He basically advertised for free on TV that he is open to foreign help. Case by case, using what criteria? 🤔
Watching the tonight I can see will appeal to disenfranchised Labour voters &amp; many now floating Remainers if he can fight his way through this scrum to the final .
MPs who support a candidate with serial misbehaviour to be PM ( ) will face the music when they come for re-election. is the blankey blank candidate who can't be bothered to defend what he is suppose to stand for, so why back a blank brain?
Tombs of Republic's exiles who died in Japan.
Proud of my fraternity!
Protests in for
You need to learn to use on your tweets. Then we will be able to find you right away!
This is reality of punjab m also in punjab in amritsar Ares and here is always this problems where is jo har relly mein chilllata tha
There should be proper planning for the matches that have been washed out in the rain. One or two matches can be considered but when every match seems to be washed out then what should be said about ICC
Opinion: How Trump is abandoning LGBTQ people over pride flags
ever in cricket. Umpires , rain and now this . Domestic tournaments are organised better than this
And people wonder why the pillock didnt turn up? Here's the answer. He's an embarrassment.
All I’m saying is that when Obama was president we never lost to CANADA on basket ball …
So... he just admitted that recidivism is obviously another problem we’re going to face.
Update after hours in ER; diagnosed with spinal stenosis &amp; off to see a neurological specialist &amp; hopefully put an end to pain eventually! Oh and &amp;
, seems like is supporting Muslims I suggest Surgical strike on ICC. What is your suggestion on this?
has a wicked small . It's so small &amp; short he couldn't even bottom out in 's belly button.
The secret behind the game.
Trump's not even hiding his white supremacist views anymore. Why? Because his sycophants adore him for it. And Republicans are spineless enablers.
These bunch of jokers have no vission, no mission, no dedication
The Trump administration is putting LGBTQ immigrants in solitary confinement
You are a
Then DO SOMETHING it is time to impeach the traitor - criminal. By doing nothing you are an accomplice to the destruction of our democracy!
. is just a tired Leftist made rich by eloiting violence and glamorizing misery (and smoking).
This is a load of ! Your supporters are NOT smart...cause they still support YOU! And this is NOT your approval rating!
You changed your name for an idiot. Think on that. GOP = Guardians of Putin
Worst world cup series ever had. never ever try to organize world cup series again.
If you win?? You’re not even going to make the debates, you little zero percenter, you...
And YOU had NOTHING to do with it! If they're so great, why do you keep selling us out to and ? Oh, right. Because .
As we approach The th Anniversary of D-Day, we have a who plays golf with all of our tax money ... Just remember this is what this is doing with our dollars
Our narcissistic president is an embarrassment as a human being, yet he represents America. I am ashamed! His interview on ABC was unbearable to watch. Lies, lies and more lies. He can’t even show respect by looking at people that he is talking to.
I'd blame it on autocorrect. Every time I type in the word '' it replaces it with '' so it does get it right sometimes
Worst World Cup Ever !!
If anyone has committed Treason, it's you !!! rally
Killary is a damn criminal and a Jack the Ripper!
It’s in a troll hole. Russia is a shithole that’s going to be in a world of hurt in January , .
Chal hatt supporter BJP KA DALAL
Donnie Dementia is weak, ignorant and easily manipulated. The world us watching and laughing at America.
Mohamed bin Salaam - , . Iranian Clerics - , Donald J. Trump - defends murderers, infamous , habitual liar, , . See the problem?
England cricket board bribed the and got their matches scheduled on a clear day. Of course with technology could have checked the forecast and planned the stadiums and days according. England cricket wanna win their maiden cup at home. Loser country and
F that MF
The Orange Dotard can't even spell diplomacy. The only things he's killing are truth, the environment, the rule of law, the economy, the GOP, and America's world standing!
is a pathetic The sooner he voted out the better
You will never be re-elected
How about IMPEACHMENT and Birthday in jail. More fitting. Make America Happy Again.!
. . I’m the . Bad day and took it out on and . should look at the scroll! You know, read before you leap. My apologies. I’m a .
Dear World, Meet . Cowardice personified A fraud Like the man behind the curtain In the Wizard of Oz A master of manipulation, lies and deceit May his grasp on be short-lived deserves better We all do.
I sat and laughed at least five minutes. You gotta call that move the because it’s not PC to call it the . Also, the latter wouldn’t fit !!
That’s a whole ass chicken
- Islamic Cricket Council
YOU ARE A STAIN ON THIS COUNTRY'S HISTORY. YOU SHOULD BE ASHAMED OF YOURSELF AND YOUR ADMINISTRATION.
R. Kelly is a Child Molester and Sexual Predator Lock R. Up!!
why does Gabe Kapler look like he just needs a good ass whipping?
He’s a
Repellent, chaotic and a serial liar, Boris Johnson would be a catastrophic prime minister
Isn't this about a bitch? is a sho WILL try to start a war with Iran. It's very simple. There are no boundaries, no step to far or throat ge won't crush to keep that title.
Water is wet - Republicans are homophobes
Don’t you love dumb people, you can manipulate them anywhere you want.
Yeah right.Zampa’s bowling has been sooo incredible in this game I personally thought he’s just spending too much energy playing with his nuts! Look forward to your ongoing conspiracies every time a player puts his hand in his pocket for the rest of the tournament!
, catch him and hang him by the .
My cousin is a fucking dumbass, she brought her kid to a family lunch who spread his gastro around the whole fam but thinks it was food poisoning!! YOU CANT FUCKING CATCH FOOD POISONING DICKHEAD 🤦‍️
Decisive response should be to bomb MBS
God this guy is ...
I hope you ee her for the racist, fascist-enabling, Slovenian prostitute she is.
to be hanged at any cost.
This is so much bullshit, that I laughed out loud! This motherfucker has treated the Oval and taayers, like an ATM! He’s violated the Emoluments Clause, REPEATEDLY! It’s the only financial endeavor that didn’t end in bankruptcy. It will end with a prison term though.
Wow! So you really did drink that Kool-aid . I guess there is no cure for stupid, though.
I dont support any kind of Mob Violence, Doctors deserve safety and protection. But the way BJP leaders and Sanghi trolls have communalized Bengal doctor issue and AIMA went on strike, It is important to ee their hypocrisy. THREAD Read it /n
I know weather Gods no one can control...but better planning should have been there ... also there was a hue n cry for India playing Pakistan earlier... no one officially commented ... But God may do his bit !
Can you ask him why were giving welfare to farmers when there are plenty of jobs, and while they are receiving their socialism Russia is making money hand over fist selling their crops to China and so are you
Dear Sir, We request please legal pre sex determination as govt. Is unable to control these bastards so we don't want our child as girl when you will be able to control these we would be happy to born ..
Here’s one of your lot telling us about the lying incompetent homophobic racist
Thank you, Vietnam! But unfortunately, . and his cohorts have been paid off by China to the detriment of the Filipino people.
is a one sided affair all the time. The hype gets created by The fact is, , or is no match for proved it today. slap from a real father!!
PRESIDENTIAL HARASSMENT: asking for his birth certificate for YEARS !!! while hiding his own
The Pentagon didn't have 'the courage' to tell you about how they're ramping up cyber operations on your boss man, Putin. They refused tell you anything about it because they knew you'd stop it.
If you're the kind of person with a vanity plate that says 'TED TLK' on your Tesla, then you're probably the kind of person I would enjoy running over in my year old Hyundai.
They heal, operate, diagnose We consider them a part of the second God cosmos This is so appalling, shameful and gross We need to bring this violence to a close
What in the HELL is WRONG with ? State law FORCES to allow to ? F,,,ing SICK! till this CHANGES!
Do NOT question our humanity.I dare you to broadcast this,though,of course,you won't. They are Indradeep, Amresh&amp;Chinmay of final year(4th year).
Dear You should have reserve days for WC matches. It's a WC match not u'r regular dy matches. It comes after year. So u should be more vigilant while choosing venues. You should apologise from every cricket fans for this mess.
If such situation happens in India then whole world will blame us for our management,but currently it is in England so no one is saying anything. Guys We need to make these hashtag trend so that they can realise there worst management and wrong decision on M.S Dhoni.
What a fixtures for England? All of there matches are happening in sunlight conditions where is the bloody rain now🤔दाल में कुछ काला है
When will you / stand up for Doctor community - they work without thinking of patients religion / caste tirelessly (like you they practice sabka Vikas...) shame on you !
Trump’s gaslighting us once again and he’s lying as usual, so what else is new!!
We know the real too, and America can't survive four more years.
Kiss harder Mark and you might get a job in with the other jokers in the cabinet.
Not only in Kolkata my friend. Take a look at where are raping, killing and throwing doctors in the river!
Says he's sick of having sodomy shoved down his throat, That's not how sodomy works man. Freudian slip I'm guessing.
Dear . This is in a village in We came together on a beautiful June day when we had more enjoyable things to do because we know how important it is We are tired of all the winning.
Do you think Mamata Banerjee should resign as CM of West Bengal as she has failed to protect the doctors. Or President Rule should be imposed RT = AGREE Likeresident Rule
Who's that on the left looking like a cross between Jimmy Sa'vile and a chimpanzee playing with its knob? Why it's possibly the future PM.
A nation more concerned about the Dhoni gloves than an entire missing plane.
Cmon Matty, you’ve been chatty on twitter lately. Tell me how corporate tax cuts will put money in my prospective customers pockets champ!
“I'm not upset that you lied to me, I'm upset that from now on I can't believe you.” (Friedrich Nietzsche) And that goes for the rest of us,
I still can't fathom why the charismatic communicator hasn't yet taken the opportunity to have a grown-up debate in public? He did so well here against on in .
Call themselves the most developed country in the world. Call Cricket as the national sport of the country. Yet can't cover the grounds during rains in the biggest cricket tournament in the world! What a great choice for venue, London!
cops are out of control, they need mental evaluations a deranged coward shouldn't be carrying a gun.
My new came today Trump
) Oh, roasting in torture camps along border are mothers with kids. CHAIN LINK DOG RUNS. No shade,no blankets, no food. Stephen Miller &amp; Trumputin and Nazi ghosts are gleeful re: concentration camps. They deserve b sent to the Hague. Only path to redeem USA.
I still don’t understand how this was arrested so peacefully! Had it been,,,,,, never mind! Rest In Peace officer
Fuck , love and
Oh, but ol' Uncle Col just had to STEAL Michael's ESTATE so he could 'save it all for Tiger,' right??? ?
Mamata is doing wrong. But Bjp's reaction is hypocritical. Doctors beaten in Bjp ruled states &amp; Bjp leaders assaulted doctors. Where was then? Here is the list. For more, read FB post: Cc:
Seen at the Rally yesterday. Translation : Why should we leave hostel? Is it your party office? In order to enter into this hostel, one needs to clear NEET exam, and you don't have such capability.
They are correct not to trust him.
The massive crowd of doctors protesting against CM in Kolkata The Suppression and atrocities of govt has reached its peak and people of West Bengal will no more tolerate it
Please sign my name to the card and a small message saying !
Get some balls that will drop you little Microdick. not for trump when it's is a lifetime
trumps birthday is tomorrow how many times do you think we can all tweet in one day
I’ve never seen a president in my lifetime trash Americans but love thine enemies; but you !!!
You and the are the enemy of the people! All COWARDS!
Dear Focus on umpiring skills rather than gloves
Good. Give him fake briefings. Tell him things, he won't know the difference...
lets get this trending
This world cup should be ban !! Rain rain rain motherfuckerr ICC Shift this world to another country or ban this world cup
We all are proud of for using Balidaan badge over his glove. How can take objection against this! When you allow big commercial brands logo but not National pride ? Its utter nonsense.
Amongst Trump University Alumni.
Well it's trending and I didn't want to miss out, shame on you Icc for worst venue.
In a kind of mood again!
Trump stood up for Kim Jong Un after his torture and murder of American Otto Warmbier. That tells you everything you need to know about Trump.
All those polls were true. Hillary was a head of u the entire time. By those % too. The problem is the EC decided ignore our votes and choose u anyway. NVM all the Russian hacking of the election and voting machines.
ugh. Block.
Prisoner Number A9947CR, Letters From A Paedophile. Letter dated -08-2013, find more on our website, link below.
Hey, -- you do realize that whole 'platform/publisher' dichotomy is a lie. What you and your fellow alt-righties like to call 'fake news' (except for the fact that what you clowns call fake news is true).
Female trump supporters get with the damn program! Have some damn self respect! Stop voting against yourself!
Because and can not be trusted by this country! you have allowed this to continue and you will be held accountable
Icc have a objection on gloves but not this Pakistani show if you agree, Retweet this as much as you can
MSB() is snapping his fingers at you.
I was asleep and you are a dickhead.
Have you never been to a doctor? Do you not know even ONE ? Does it embarrass you that we're not a matter as hyped up as ? Or are you just violent &amp; sick enough to believe that doctors deserve what they get? You should be ashamed.
Why the f**k does Lucie need to change herself for a bloke?? If he really likes her he wouldn’t want to change her
I was at a self check out in a grocery store a few minutes ago. guys behind me are saying; Look at her left hand, she's single. Should we rape her?' This is Trump world, where raping can be discussed at the store.
across the on this : are saying, “We agree. They’re right. Trump is . , and . He will always be an .”
G E T O U T... GET THEM ALL O U T .
I got to knw d rsn behind most of d countries mocking us is bcz v r more concerned towards n blaming rather than focusing on real issues. People hv made a trend instead of helping Sudanese.
Melania T?! ARE YOU FREAKING KIDDING ME?! Jackie O was first class while Melania is just pure trash!!
SpankyMcDumbAss 🤣 Shep Smith just told everyone to read the Mueller report! The Fox News host told his viewers this: “The special counsel 'did not' enerate the president” Oh No Dufus, your little secrets out!
's Stunnng Open Betrayal Against the USA Makes History
I prefer
This is what utter denial and arrogance looks like.
Trump is now 'buying' the Iowa farmers vote by lifting restrictions on the sale of Ethanol E15 during the summer months, an Obama rule to reduce smog! Trump says he'll get it done, so corn crops will be in high demand! Who needs clean air anyway?
You admitted you want help from foreign enemies to beat your opponents and wouldn’t report to the FBI. We SAW and HEARD you say it. Not fake news.
Melanoma is just another harlot piece of white trash. Came to America to become a golddigging stripper/model. Her parents came here via chain migration. The same thing Trump vehemently opposes. The hypocrisy is sickening.
Impose in West Bengal before situation gets fully out of control. needs immediate medical help as she has lost her balance of mind.
Bang goes my quite afternoon watching the cricket banging hammering from next door almost forgot what it sounded like 🤬
I enjoy watching him making a prat of himself
Trump Administration Is Making It Harder to Find Out Whether It’s Fighting White Supremacist Terror
things-about fucking time we strike back and good for Cyber Command leaving our version of Quisling out of the loop.
They had a split screen of the chase and the game lol. “Mr innocent” with a gun to his head in the back of his Bronco. Hmmm, I wonder why?? Maybe he’ll set that record straight too. .
Hope we boycott this World Cup and organise our own tournament and name it as World cup and play it with every army uniform available..
Is this the cricket world cup or swimming world cup?
If all remaining get washed : NZ - Ind - Eng - Aus - WI - SL - Pak - Bang - SA - Afg - Semi Final Aus vs NZ (If rain continues), NZ Eng vs Ind (If rain continues), Ind Final Ind vs NZ (If rain continues), NZ - India will win jointly 🤣🤣.
Peacefuls are assulting innocent Doctors and innocent passers by. Two days back a passer by was attacked by a Peaceful and killed him in Hyderabad. No liberals, no Award wapsee gangs taking out candlelight vigils and protests.
Not only common people of Bengal but now the Doctors community also understands how difficult it is to work or live under the dictatorship of Mamata Banerjee People from all profession and communities are joining hands to from Didi.
totally wasted
doubles down on taking foreign info: I’d only give it to the if it was ‘incorrect or badly stated’ –
Where my country is leading...When we will make strong legislation for &amp; when our media and politician will start acting instead of blaming current govt...Where are today our so called secular leaders... I demand followed by hanging
Trump announces he WOULD accept help from foreign governments in “future elections” ARE WE THIS FAR . GONE?!
Meanwhile in India, IAF men are missing with their plane ️ for six days, and nobody has an idea what became of them, but a pair of gloves 🧤 is more important!
I'm hearing missed a mandatory drugs test before tonight's . Hence the no show...
Trump, election interference, and hollow nationalism
A gangster sets out to fulfill his father’s dream of becoming a doctor. Doctor's in be like
Today is Friday and here in and there’s no better way to celebrate than by educating yourself and not being a part of the poorly educated loves so much 🇺🇸
If its going to rain its the biggest loss for and nobody on earth would miss the treat How cheap tactics by the hosts if two games are washed out for 🇮🇳 then its a conspiracy by hosts shame as a cricketing nation
No one will hire you, amiright?
Seriously, how the F**K did this happen?!?
Disgusting. Regardless of immigration status, they are still people!
U.S. Lifts Ban on Some Elephant and Lion Trophies So they are blaming this Shit on Obama? and
. The Royal Family are not a government. . There’s not been a Queen of England for hundreds of years. She’s Queen of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland and the Commonwealth . Her son is the Prince of WALES. He has no auth over marine life.
Boris trump God help us
Well done what a schedule preparation
hope you have a horrible birthday traitor!
Brutal, horrific, shocking ...a new low in the vitiation of human mind. The perpetrators must not go unpunished.
And just to set the record straight, we only attempted to attend your shallow party to support my friend who invited us and was DJ-ing and who clearly didn’t know what a you really are. /4
Dear , we see better rains here. You show us what you are meant for!
you are able to see the BALIDAN batch on gloves but not able to see the clouds above you. Very poorly managed by ICC.
Bend over Boris!! Be careful what you wish for..
Has any of the games been abandoned due to rain?
Johnson on businesses threatened by : 'F*** business!' Boris Johnson on the families of victims of /7 terrorist attacks: 'F*** the families!' Tories supporting 's bid to be PM: 'F*** the country!'
presence in the Oval Office insults everything that the White House represents, the American people, the history of the US in particular, as well as the world community &amp; the history of mankind in general
pls end this world cup it is not world cup any more
Proud of for using Balidaan badge over his glove. has no business to take objection against this. Big commercial brands logo will do but not national pride ? Its nonsense. Condemn it.
Trump has been back pedalling all weekend.... but the real answer was the unscripted one he gave to George Stephanopoulos... Trump would accept help and would not alert the FBI. That makes Trump
Extra in Iowa! Look at all the that the is!
Who wants to tell this guy that left office and lost and is retired? Deflecting to then does not make go away
Oj as a father, when you left Nicole laying dead in her walkway...what did you think your kids would say if they found her?
DO NOT This Because DOESN'T Want You To Nail His Coffin with Evidence
Icc can see Ms dhoni badge but doesn't see the ground was not covered
Trump’s best people.
Mental Bankruptcy. Debating on the . The game is called cricket. Not “Shakti Pradarshan”. Morons!
Trump sided with the Saudi Crown Prince after his assassination of Washington Post journalist Jamal Khashoggi, who lived in the United States. And Kushner supported him after as well. It’s pathetic and disgusting. Bunch of damn traitors.
Punishment for Rapist, So that no one can think of doing such this things Again.
They are going to Manchester to see rain
: You have TWO Options - - Want to screw up the World Cup : Contact Rahul Gandhi (He is in London right now) ; - Want to run the World Cup Smoothly Going forward : Immediately Contact Amit Shah ;
See the conditions of bengal and other states, wrt to how patients r getting aggressive towards doctors. Thn, there comes out BRIDGE COURSES. Phle dr ko to bacha lo, fir inko lana...
Dear France and the rest of the world, We’re sorry. Please be patient while we did our system of this virus. Love, Most Americans
and this unethical Administration!
It comes with a vacant seat in the PM's office as won't bother to turn in
Happy Early Birthday, Mr. President!
Poor Management by for a World-class event which comes once in four years. Recordbreak washouts (Most in any World cup) still matches and knockouts to go. You Just Ruined Us.
Saved my GB data to watch match and finally found this..
Dumbass in Chief at it again with his dumbassery!
Yet the likes of roam free!
the entire republican party just cheats.. they can't win without cheating so they'll cheat shamelessly
was to much of a coward to turn up at the program ? Because people might see him for the simpleton that he is? Or because he’s a genius and didn’t have to turn up?
is one greedy corrupt n wat not organisation.... to hell with you
Like father like sons.
He isn't a foreign country, he was a researcher paid above board. You did not do that. You hid meetings and asked for stollen emails.
Wow, so many seemingly normal looking assholes in one township, who knew?
Republicans are such gutless Trump sycophants. All these people want to do is loot the government, and to hell with the rest of us.
Then go get Chun-Li, you stupid orange shitshow!!!! Trump wants his next press secretary to be a cable news 'street fighter'
Probably the worst governor of all time. You had a man murdered for trying to protect his constitutional rights.
Not when that 'president' happened to commit felonies, treason, and election fraud. It's unprecedented this level of criminality, and you think giving him a pass because he was potus is absurd.
where
So the thinks that showing a religious practice on the ground is okay, but wearing one's military badge of honour is harmful!
Former means which one, a Full Blown Religious Prayer on the Field or a Small Insignia which is there in the as he is an Honorary Army Officer ?
If needed INDIANS are ready to for respect
She calls her weapon ‘god’ ?
LETS ALL HOPE THAT DOG VOMIT TRUMP GETS ALL THAT HE DESERVES ON HIS OLD MAN'S BIRTHDAY
I think had donned gloves to support McGrath Cancer foundation for a noble cause. Not sure why is prohibiting to wear the gloves for the Noble cause he supports. Bizarre, illogical and insensitive!
'Didi said we are outsiders &amp; protesting on behalf of other political goons'. NO!
Its not a joke, people are actually angry and trending , those are idiots
I am a 'til the end. I am also not a FAKE like some of them out there. You either are, or you are not. , and , are the two biggest threats to our Democracy! VOTE THEM OUT!
A billion Cricket fans waited four years to watch how it rains in England
HE surely is playing the Iran card- desperado.
Just shut up already. We all know you are a con man who stole the election with the help of a foreign power. You are crooked teflon donnie and I pray every blessed day that you are eed as the criminal that you are.
If Boris becomes the new PM, Conservatives have totally lost my vote. Tax cuts for the higher earners? How about raising the personal tax allowance at the bottom instead, allowing struggling families to feed their kids. What an idiot.
Poor boy........ ya scared
Boris Johnson: brilliant, warm, funny – and totally unfit to be PM | Max Hastings | Opinion | The Guardian
Let’s be grateful for one thing: the more this idiot tweets, the more *unified* the opposition &amp; becomes against him. I have never more motivated in my life to remove a president from office ASAP.
WITCH HUNT FOUND A ZOMBIE
We just protested against privatization, and now our parents are jobless, our chelter is taken away, and we will be obligated to join the military forces if we refuse to kneel
We are sick of being muppets manipulated by this Moroccan Government. We will stand tall against the oppression of our corrupted government.
Group of people(probably goons of TMC) attacked on a nd year medical student at pm at Calcutta National Medical College NOW. THIS HAS TO STOP! It is never ending!
Have you found Ron and Nicole’s real killer yet? . Nah, I didn’t think so.
Delusional Donnie, you are lying again!
This criminal just doesn’t get it. You don’t handle a foreign entities interference in our election on a case by case basis. It’s ALWAYS illegal to accept help from them. Damn he’s an idiot!
Forget sending his traitorous ass to Iraq, send his sorry ass to Compton or Oak St in Htown without his security detail then let him talk about PTSD He's good at talking out his ass, he doesn't have a clue about combat or PTSD survivors
It was “good” for some to shout for ducking years so it’s feasible &amp; appropriate for EVERY good, decent &amp; patriotic citizen to shout- so ...b/c he has not an ounce of humanity. = CEO of Trumerica🤦‍️
And as soon as he started making racist remarks, I knew would win. Everyone laughed at me. You can't imagine how sorry I am that I was right.
| The problem should have been acknowledged by Mamata Banerjee. She should have shown a little 'Mamata'. Instead, she called them outsiders and threatened to throw them out: Dr Sambit Patra, BJP
Mrs. Mamata banerjee what will you do when you fell ill? Call the police or the doctors?
hahaha I pity on your country where called as national sport of the country for we Indians cricket is not just a sports lts a other religion.
out of Doctors recommend moving out of West Bengal. Shame on
Child must die. And all those who tried to dispose evidence should get
“Sarah” by Geofferson Starship. Another day, another Trumper departure!
A very Happy to , all of his morons, and the rest of the !!
It dates from But it’s a reminder that no one intelligent or caring would ever trust He did it his way then It will always be his way The amoral way
This more than anything else should be the reason Boris Johnson doesn’t get the top job
Dear people saying, Doctors deserve it 'pitne do saalon ko..' We wonder what would happen, If we said, 'marne do saalon ko...'
. Donald the is the greatest, probably greatest ever, . ? enough?
Shame on ICC ICC was eed where is there preparation Shame
Tell us another one, you liar.
There will be brown people all over the world celebrating the day he is no longer President of The United States.
The idiot MAGAt is ready to take on the govt.
Video of protests in evening by Delhi Sikhs make me proud. Good lessons learnt from past. Also a slap to those who mock Delhi Sikhs with 'b' slurs or say Sikhs in other states don't know how to stand for themselves. Nope. They do. They very much do.
I might be more inclined to listen to your opinion if you could actually point out London on a map.
I'm down with that Chuck.
DISPICABLE THAT YOU WOULD SHOW TRAITOR TRUMP DISRESPECTING OUR FLAG!!
This man completely nailed Mamata, her politics and her hypocrisy.
please focus on umpiring rather than what a player should wear
Thanks for the warning. I will be blocking you right after this tweet.
Trump should be in prison, not the White House. He should be sharing a cell with his ostrich leather loving best friend and fellow traitor Paul Manafort. Imagine all the bedtime stories they could tell each other regarding their deep love for Vladimir Putin.
Oohhhh, now that Trump is done with Pence, he’s thrown out with the garbage.
Good riddance. Sinking ship.
I think the entire GOP are using ghost traders &amp; reaping millions from trumps phoney tariff nonsense.
If can't wear the Balidaan Badge, it's fine. is the ultimate authority and we will follow its decision. But all Indians in the crowd to watch the game, should wear those badges and wave those flags. Fir dekhte hai kya ukhad sakta hai!
, please continue wearing the Balidhan logo in your gloves. We r with you. , don't act stupid ,its not a promo &amp; its a moment of pride . Country is with
Dear icc, insted of focusing in what is there dhoni's gloves, start focusing on the quality of umpiring in cricket world cup, the world was watching
You Have NO BALLS!
Our future Prime Minister - how can that possibly happen, right? Johnson: 'How badly hurt will he be?' Guppy: 'He will probably get a couple of black eyes and a, and a cracked rib or something like that.'
is probably having a tantrum right now. .
The most anticipated tournament WASTED .
: 'we are a nation of laws' same nuts, started building a million waste of money wall, that could have been better use to help and , without the proper permits
This is what your country will soon look like if you EVER let in-in any way‼️Finance/joint ventures/land ownership/infrastructure or G‼️Yes they own HK but we got complacent while Britain had it’s year lease-this is no longer the we knew!🇨🇳
Oh shit! It's been a while. I forgot Twitter was a thing! (Said Trump never)
. ICC on Dhoni's gloves Vs .ICC planning the World Cup
Trump is just plain evil. Trump administration quietly makes it legal to bring elephant parts to the U.S. as trophies - The Washington Post
Why the GOP Has Become a Cult of Personality
For the love of all that is holy, you people still worship this criminal?????
- It may be your BD but is trending, not you Fatty McBone Spurs. Loser.
Really? Seem like she still has hangover of elections.
Learn something from that how big tournaments are organized... Dissapointed
We wait for four years for ICC world cup tournament and what have you given us rain abandoned matches!!.. Pathetic planning by . We need strict action for commiting such blunder.
KEEP on the Press .. they still won’t publish news AND Want to keep presenting TRUMP AS VICTIM MEME.. whaddya think about that IS TRUMP the victim in his $1.5Million payment for of OWN CHILD conceived on Ivanka lookalike?
Doctors resigned from their jobs It's high time for to apologise or quit. India don't want an arrogant intolerant CM
Damn it! Blocked by another 'Patriot'... and I was just getting started!
Today's House Judiciary hearing re: / was the most perfect example to date proving what the next year and a half is going to continue to be all about (i.e. shit into the faces of the American people).
“Do what thou wilt” has some implications to your neighbors. Especially the kind.
The Acting Defense Secretary acting like he knows what he's talking about.
A poll has already been done on the most dishonest president in the history of USA, and YOU are IT.
luk at its clear sign of terrorist, chanting alla ts, his nasty beared, his white wash cap, his sophisticated ENGLISH signs he would soon feed terrroists and Join them and fly offatleast now U Indian Muslims get back to ur original dharma .
But then again, you are the BIGGEST HYPOCRITE going, so what else would anyone eect of you!
We didn't waited years to see rains in England.
Am I the only one who is beginning to think that the completely unacceptable 'no show' on anything from Boris Johnson is beginning to look a little odd. Even 'fishy'. He has to come out and face people now.
I think Dana is way out of order here. He doesn't give a fuck about the fans. If he did he wouldn't be talking to one like that. Donny is absolutely right and most of us feel the same. Dana is turning the promotion into circus one ppv at a time
In case still thinks my people like him.
If the elect I will never vote for them again!
We wait until 0 in the evening in Aus just to know its raining today. Rain : Cricket
you should be worried about other things rather than a sign of patriotism on gloves huh
He's going to CURE CANCER Now These people need to be put on an island.
If any other mob had attacked doctors ’s would have beat them up. But since it was Mamata’s special community she attacked the doctors instead. Perfect exemplar of Indian secularism.
'It Is All A Lie': ⁦⁩ Busts The Myth That Is A Master Dealmaker
I hope no one else hires this
| There's almost a golden rule - a government that allows circumstances to have doctors striking is unpardonable: Anand Ranganathan, Scientist &amp; Author
Trump trying to take us to another war!
Damn, is such a loser and don't care. Suckers. via
What National untidy. This spoiled trust fund fuck up has split this country. He should look in the mirror when he makes a comment like this. He’s virtuous, ideological ways have killed our economy and any future our kids and Gkids have.
You mean the Obama economy you inherited?
What happened to you, mike????
Bloody hypocrites. though decimated will not stop fingering. I want see what name will take at his oath taking. did he respond to the courts on his british citizenship?
You're getting impeached!
impeach that arrogant piece of shit nOW
Arrrggghhhh absolutely raging. Do not guilt trip an year old boy to spend time with you cos your gf does the washing up so you can give one on one time!!! Absolutely livid. 🤬🤬🤬🤬
Stupid The faux king The night of November rd . SHAME
THIS IS HORRIBLE!!!! THIS IS ANTI-AMERICAN!!!! AND 🤬🤢
IMPEACH *cough, cough, cough, cough, cough* TRUMP *cough, cough, cough, cough, cough* NOW! *cough, cough, cough, COUGH, COUGH, COUGH, C.O.U.G.H, C.O.U.G.H*
I don't buy it for a MINUTE. But even if your numbers were %, I'd still be PROFOUNDLY disappointed in my Traitorous and weak-minded country men and women... 🇺🇲🇺🇲🇺🇲
needs to be eed as part of plot to interfere w/ our b/c they will help do it again in .
So now you'll have to find someone else to tell your lies
Hopefully he wakes up every morning for the next months to a beating, and goes to bed with another.
He’s literally f***king the Flag...
You’re a complete IDIOT.
What about your distasteful comments about Is He will also bring his father, brother and sister into Downing Street , a Johnson dynasty, just like 🤢
U cannot get more irritated by some jobless indians making memes on rain affected just cuz one of the games on India is washed out. Its weather, its unpredictable. And the World Cups have to played in this time around! Why fucking trend ? Idiots
That was a year ago and it's even worse today.
Just pray for june.....we have waited for years for epic encounter not for this shit planning of worldcup matches
EVERYONE!
is a plague to Mankind.. torture &amp; kill non-believers of MONSTERS
OH HELL TO THE NO!! 🤮 I could keep going, but I’m physically sick, can’t he be banned from Twitter?
Rohit Sharma scored against Muslim nation... And now some people are saying it is HINDU TERROR, BHAGWA ATANKWAD
Are you fucking NUTS!!!!!
Is there anyone in this party with the balls to stand up to and do what is right for their constituents and America. I changed parties because of the spineless attitudes and HATE towards women.
The only thing with is you. You are the biggest embarrassment this country has ever seen.
ICC IS THE MOST INCOMPETENT AUTHORITY EVER
WASHINGTON (AP/UPI/LMNOP) - Sources confirm that the White House intends to cut out the middleman and replace outgoing Press Secretary Sarah Huckabee with a steaming pile of horseshit. . . . …
If your asthma is that bad that you cannot take a breath test then I'm assuming you're using your inhalers constantly...which in that case you shouldn't be driving anyway, cos they make you lightheaded, you double standard, hypocritical dogshite!
He’s just a and a and a
and his beady little eyes can fuck right off. is dumb as shit, but Pence is rotten to his fucking core. Send my regards to Mother, too. God, can’t get here fast enough.
Saudi crown prince calls for a 'decisive stand' against Iran why don’t you just gave them murdered as u did with This thing is a disgrace and any world leader or dealing w/him is no better murderer
but not listen on share like One religion Spoils by people but same people quit particular Religion spred When that religion come that gives that ️with
Need to remove Minority law. Cc:
So keeps praising , a as somebody with great leadership who just wrote him a 'beautiful letter' WTF!
From our Latino friends.
A cursory look at the comments section of 's tweets indicates why she gives two hoots to her detractors. Almost all the critical comments are from North Indians/Non Bengalis. She knows her votebank is intact.
has problem with gloves, bats and everything else other than games being washed out! Focus on having cricket matches than controversies.
The list of reasons why is one of the most despicable people we’ve ever seen is endless. If there is any justice in this world he will die alone in a prison cell.
Very simple:
have helped russia do this...... are these Patriotic Americans or traitors! What about blocking cyber-security legislation for the election!
' only in America ' would a person who murdered his ex wife be treated like a hero instead of the scumbag he is . Fitting that he admires trump - the pair of lying psychopaths have a lot in common .
power hungry little boy trying to please his Daddy too stupid to realize psychopath Putin played him. Yup. Donny IS a stupid, insecure, immature, greedy, angry, foolish LOSER oh... and... Happy Birthday, Mother Fucker.
Don't forget TRAITOR!
What that I’ve banged more women than you even know? Come back when your Shit talking game is on point... until then go spend time with your &amp; cuddle up in the corner &amp; cry me a river
Saw some SRK fans using tag blaming ICC for the Disasters Do they know about cricket more than ICC ? Baap ko gyan de Rahe hai ? Don't need fake viewers like you, chalte bano
is real!
How Dare You?? send him to Take your asses back to Europe, !! You are the . You are the , , the !! this is not your land!! !!
Thank you Todd!! I appreciate being included!! Hope everyone has a great day!! ️️️
Now THAT’S some right there!
Fuck republicans the biggest snowflakes everFunny how that list of words describes the fat, racist, ignorant, hideous moron absolutely PERFECTLY. PLEASE get rid of this fucking demented, delusional criminal!!
I didn't even know she was still working.
For fuck’s sake, who y’all harassing now, you whiny orange taint smear?
Trump and his fascist regime are destroying our country.
The FBI Director was RIGHT!!!
is the essence of mediocrity and
Fck him
The has no soul
We f**king need a new president ASAP. The fraudster we have is getting nuttier, brazenly more criminal and more detached from reality
The tragedy of the world right now is that a number of countries are buying into fucking idiot leaders, selling them shitty elanations, about why their lives are so shitty. And that they have the solution
And Eddie Lampert is a
Quack Quack Quack Stupidass
Total bullshit.
Did Warner use the information about you while running against you in a Presidential election? Did Adam Schiff? Stupid piece of shit! 🇺🇲🇺🇲🇺🇲
How can anyone want this moron running the country stand down from the running this is totally disgusting you should be ashamed
Are these idiots still on HRC? Russia put tRump in the WH, Mueller report list facts, Individual is a criminal, divider of the country, lies lies lies, aids in the , tRump is the Enemy of the People. Ain't the right
I’m so pissed off at these fascist . Immigrants from Central America are Americans. Traitor Trump serves the interest of hostile foreign governments and puts those Americans who seek US citizenship in cages.
and you are a FOOL! 🤣🤣
Hey man, treasonous, traitorous, draft dodgers gotta do what treasonous, traitorous draft dodgers gotta do.
What happens if the DUMBEST MAN ALIVE will manage the most complex equipment He'll damage/break it was the gift of a lifetime - it was clear, he'll do everything by himself The ultimate goal - the collapse
Hey here’s a PSA!
Action is a must against those violent attackers who also thrashed a minor from minority background.
I am old enough to remember when were insults I am a registered and my should be ashamed of itself.
You're getting impeached!!!!
ICC is blind to jihadist. They couldn’t do anything about the murder of Pakistani coach whilst the World Cup was underway They suffer from colonial hangover and submissive to the criminal. This mentality brought abuse to thousand kids.
Kinda like Trump, 'Lock her up'
OH HELL NO!!!!!
really
Game on! Yup yup. Game ON! My dad wears your T shirt. The one dressed in orange pissing.
PLEASE spread this far and wide. This admitted rapist and pedophile is running for Congress in Virginia as an Independent!
Melania T?! ARE YOU FREAKING KIDDING ME?! was first class while Melania is just pure trash.
should be ashamed of himself. A criminal who is willing to do the devil's bidding.
Can you even spell Constitution?
I'd rather spend my tax dollars investigating the orange criminal occupying the white house, than wasting taayer money on trump's endless golfing while he violates the emoluments clause!
how is that working out for you Benjamin?
Offering namaz during match on the field is not an issue for bt wearing gloves with Army Logo which is totally non political thing is a big objection. isn't it a hypocrisy? Who is behind all this thought process? I support the for his patriotism.
who’s ready to angrily yell facts at their television.
What absolute bollocks. Boris, you hardly turned up as mayor of London, you had other people cleaning up your mess, as they did when foreign secretary! when you did turn up didn’t you spend % of the time writing your book?!
Don't worry, he's just a harmless bumbling clown.
Sheeeeit, my gal coming home? I'll cook up some Trumperrhoid possum stew fer ya.
I'd still jump in bed with her but keep the weapons away
The fake president speaks....
Considering it (dick stains bday) going around on social media, one would have to live under a rock to not know, due to social media... I need to see a birth certificate to prove today is actually his bday..
Don't let America's favourite dad pour you a drink.
no one believes a . calls The New York Times treasonous for a story his own officials said was perfectly fine to print.
Will you please show the value of country pride. Why BCCI is showing lack of interest in this stupid issue raised by ICC to bring FOCUS on World Cup , which is lacking audience. Can we boycott Indo Pak Match???
Your orange bigoted ASSHOLE boss throws babies in cages at the border and then they die!!!
Read to the end I copied the quote for you. Praised be!
found a pretty good image of the . feel free to share.
'Hitler had some sexy legs for a Nazi douchebag'
Crore Scam , Gullible Muslim Investors , cheated by Mullahs , Politicians in the name of , Cong leaders are seen with the accused
When the strike is called off eventually, I request the doctors to treat didi's mental consition ASAP because she is clearly losing it. Our Mohalla clinic docs n handsome Manish r ready to give all assiatance in this regard.
Hope you are getting paid minimum wage for your twitter tripe. Bye !
I got this stress reliever this evening. Any time I read an ignorant ass tweet I just give ole Trump a squeeze. It seems to really help.
spent over $100M in yrs. playing golf and promoting his resorts but he says nothing about /11 responders illnesses, the horrific number of deaths due to their trying to save so many lives! Trump doesn't give AF about anyone but himself!
Prince of Whales, is that Aquaman? Did you meet with aquaman?!
Okay so everyone is ignoring the fact that YNW melly is only years old and killed TWO people????
This is dedicated too the STICK-boy down in the Carolinas ,, keep stalking ,I love it you'll bitch boy,
Hey Doug Ford, you Party pushing ass, I agree with Mr Sutherland, he must have been horrified to hear you compare yourself to his grandfather.
Also: Happy Father’s Day While we know you are a as far as we know you never murdered a .
These British South Asian Men Got Screwed by a Trump-Endorsed ‘Pyramid Scheme’
when will you admit that you are a fraud and that you have no idea what you're doing?
If you are Non-Bengali, your life is in danger! You may be killed by goon at any time!
: if BJ “wins” the Channel debate by not being there, then we can play this tune: You says it best when you say nothing at all definitely PM material, NOT!
conspiracy to commit campaign crime.
A rapist and a murderer walk into a (Twitter) Bar ... the state of 🤦‍️
We are waiting for yrs and your worst management, just destroying the world Cup. We are crazy about cricket, England you?
It seems that trump supporters don’t understand how “respect” works. It is earned through action and intention, not through accomplishments.
Focus On the Management instead Of Keepers Gloves
So when do you Trumpsters plan on burning all the books &amp; newspaper articles? This is how fascist dictator states start -by calling the press traitors when they don't print favorable articles of a leader. But you don't read anyway so it would not matter to you.
Which sports grounds are these?
and his evil spawn, DT,Jr. were cooperating w/an adversarial foreign government during the election, that's why they LIED repeatedly about having nothing to do with anyone from Russia. If they thought they did nothing wrong, they wouldn't need to LIE!
But I’d bet he’d try, publicly, to collect the bet on you! As if you hadn’t paid him yet. A is always a , publicly and privately. Of course his excuse will always be “Yet!”. Never mind you placed the bet on the outcome on Mueller Report! Shame !
The curse of Imran . The incompetence and total ineptness fully proved. This govt must be booted out before we become another Syria or Iraq!
Next time you know what to do.
The Liar in Chief just can’t stop lying.
That stupid ass haircut alone says it all ... once a always a douchebag . 🇺🇸
Dear ,Imagine A middle class guy plans to watch a World Cup match. He spends all his savings in this trip. He travels all the way to England -3 days before the match. On match day he comes to know that the match has been abandoned. How would he feel?
World Wide Demonstration for Beijing Olympic. (Japan)
Kerala Government with Women are not safe in communist kerala!
Birthday Party for One.
I cannot stop thinking about this! 🤬🤬🤬🤬 on
'Past visits by Johnson to Ireland don´t exactly inspire confidence.'
In solidarity with the movement. Will the centre do something about it? Does the state care about its life savers?
This is my message birthday message to that dumb ass Trump lol.
???? But why? Will the symbol affect his performance on bit? Hell No! He will remain the same lower-order batsman who will continue to bore us to death with his ultra-slow batting. Utterly silly outrage by bhakts.
geared up is okay. What's on the GLOVE? Are armed forces not allowed to play with their desired logos? or allows only Islamic symbols - does say Islam green and star is commercial logo? Will take that up?
What next ji ? Don’t put the flag on the blue jersey !!!??Because if the badge stirred the board or neighbours the flag will kill them ! I stand with
Fantastic planning in creating fixtures for england matches. Look at the weather predictions for and . Same venue but different days with different weather to be eected. Just directly hand over the trophy to england dan playin like this
TMC-MLA Abu Taher Khan threatens protesting medical students with rape and murder on camera. , if you're done licking buttholes you can start doing your jobs
And another.... Welcome to the puppet show my friends
Does this mean that Trump thinks of himself as John F Kennedy? Kennedy calls on all of us to bear the burden of a long twilight struggle ... against the common enemies of man: tyranny, poverty, disease, and war itself... Trump makes a mockery of our country.
Trump thinks he can use a Jedi mind trick on all of us....hahahahahaha
Wow. You lie so blatantly. It's as if you know the elections are rigged in your favor.
ends regulations. SHOCK AS TRUMP SIGNS EXECUTIVE ORDER THAT WILL END MOST REGULATIONS AND OVERSIGHT ON GENETICALLY ENGINEERED FOOD
Go back under the rock you just crawled out from.
love of words by
How bout seeing if you can convince your cowardly democratic colleagues to do their damn jobs?!
is there any chance of a game today or have you scheduled the games for a rain??
Ahhh did trump's feelings get hurt? Too bad it's and trump is
WC trophy replaced officially.
Donald continues to campaign against Hillary Clinton despite been told on numerous occasions that the election is over and Secretary Clinton does not currently hold any public office.
We have ZERO interest in playing GOD, so please don't treat us either as a GOD or as a DOG! If you deserve respect, so do we, nothing more and nothing less...
you just need to make sure you get at least other MPs on board! It's a simple choice imo: = stability = chaos I'm not a Tory but I know which I'd prefer.
I wonder if his cult/followers are going to watch it since it's not on their only news station, fox.
I think former President Nin said the same thing
Right! Then, we’re talking about instead of: and more...
Will become more infamous than Bendict Arnold. Mark my words.
funny how you say 'no collusion' for years now, but first chance you get, if offered info from foreign government, you collude. Most disgusting, unamerican excuse for a president. ,
Respected MEDICAL COUNCIL OF INDIA Please Add Life Saving Self Defence Techniques Like Kung Fu , Karates, Boxing Etc Also To The MBBS Curriculum Now On Cause While Saving The Patient The Doctor Needs To Save Themselves Too 🤕 🥋 🥼 🤐
Goa Medical College protests.
No law at all in
Well he was a bit late but he’s turned up
I am simply pointing out that writing something in an article doesn’t necessarily mean someone said it. Moreover, so what. He’s right. If young people voted they could change the world.
Finally!
. I am sorry about the present state of Bangal. It was India’s capital for literature, Politics, Religious activity etc. I feel people of Bengal are suffering for their own mistake of electing such people as their rulers.
Will not watch. Didn’t watch.
WHAT FOOL THIS IS
Cuomo: Trump is arguably endorsing illegal behavior
doctors have already resigned in . NRS SSKM National medical college RG Kar North Bengal college Murshidabad Rampurhat Burdwan
If it helps, they'll take it. If they have to pay for it, they won't. In other words:
Even is tired of as &amp; is leaving Mitch McConnell, Too, Welcomes Russian Interference
We eected severe for , shld review Life imprisonment, , protect
I already work two jobs and barely get to see my husband who also works multiple jobs we miss out on spending time with our daughter ALL because of inflation and trying to make ends meet!
blocked that monster right away. totally pissed that reddit asked him to do an AMA
was known for his quick cuts and running style when with (and before that at where he won the Now he's just known as a
But they didn’t deceive us!? Most of us knew it was a SHIT bill but we truly have no say! This life is just a simulation and it’s sad. But... imma live my best life and do dope shit regardless. I’ll figure it out! Oh btw...
Spread the ashes from the urn so that would cup can be played on ground not in a swimming pool
I tested my theory regarding Mueller Report. You can seriously pick any page and it's obstruction everywhere. Which is why Republican's always say 'no collusion' but never 'no obstruction'. Truth is scary.
Do we know which of the leadership candidates Hammond supports?
Its jst horrible how icc hv planed the matches its world cup not county or local leagues v wait for yrs to watch rain in England
But can he stop the rain?
We would be imprisoned in a heartbeat for this bullshit.
Rules &amp; Gloves of ..or may be a dance ritual by Some team for their God? Till these are made clear people will keep thinking rules are partisan
Anyone who share or listen to leaks of Please unfollow and block me cuz I don’t never ever wanna see the face of a Rapist
Good job Dems. Can’t get ANYTHING done with and the Repugs anyway. They won’t vote on anything.
So glad to see trending. Is America waking up?? Happy everyone!
Probably this situation coming fans be ready to carry
Your anger is justified &amp; completely understandable. The misogyny - if not outright hatred for women is infuriating as it is terrifying. To give a any right to anything - let alone a forced-birth offspring is cruel &amp; unusual punishment for the victim.
: ‘I didn’t give up on serving patients, but I still fear an attack’
They heal, operate, diagnose We consider them a part of the second God cosmos This is so appalling, shameful and gross We need to bring this violence to a close
Why should the nation suffer from mentally deranged psychotic leaders?? Have we as a nation failed to generate visionary leaders?
Boom like your fake attack on The Japanese ship you incompetent TV watching old nasty liar? Only way to get you up? Where’s Eric Prince?
I know 'demagoguery' is a big word for you, but Cranston was talking about YOU!!
His highness a fugitive like Mohammed Mansoor Ali Khan who has cheated ,000 poor Muslim families worth of ,000,000 amount &amp; he is in now Need your intervention they have broken financial backbone of Muslim need your support His Highness
Treason in the WH. Republicans in Senate all complicit
Seriously? We have laws to protect animals better than this! In nearly -degree heat, migrants still packed outside in camp at international bridge
| Infrastructure, GDP is a long term issue, right now the problem is safety of doctors: Pradeep Bhandari, Founder Jan Ki Baat
: Cricket fans eress frustration as record number of games get abandoned due to
Govt school adopted by IMA appointed unqualified teachers based on their investments
I miss having a president like who was smart, well spoken, educated, understood how governments work &amp; doesn't collude with foreign countries to win an election.
Saved my GB data to watch match and finally found this..
Snuggle in with your favorite homicidal maniac! This week, Jess covers the brutal acts of serial killer, Israel Keyes. Marci gets ragey as the details of his crimes unfold as well as the fatal mistakes that lead to his arrest.
Nope. Not the only one. Even when just listening on NPR, when they play a quote, I am immediately shutting it down.
need to focus on managment of world cup instead of dhoni’s gloves.
The American People Demand that the Treasonous Fake Potus Vacates our White House Immediately!
May this be your last birthday as a free man.
LOL...that will never happen...
Oh just dandy, yeah right!! Another repug to represent my state. Another lover! Thank you, said no one ever!
Dhoni is associated with Army logo wholeheartedly and this video is the proof of the same. So dear ICC, just back off.
Army General says the military have nothing to do with Dhoni's gloves controversy and that the ICC, and only the ICC, has the right to take any decision on it, but moronic hyper-nationalists would tell you that the ICC is wrong.
After I tell you to rot in hell, I’ll go back to pretending you’re there already.
No protests or so were held for Dr. Kafeel, Payal and incidences of violence on doctors (a lot by BJP). . IMA and all upper middle class, upper caste doctors now get outraged bcuz now it's Mamta Benerjee to target
‘Religious’ practices on the cricket ground is absolutely fine but how dare you wear the honour badge Lt.Col. Dhoni! How dare you? Hypocrisy is in trend these days. Isn’t it? Anyway Dhoni,we loved them.Your country &amp; stands with you.
Imran Niazi writes third letter to India’s PM Modi
wht if the final gets abandoned due to rain. Wht u gonna do? Split the trophy? Or a super over match?? Or simply give the trophy to england? Worst arrangement ever.
Literally everything you said is total bullshit. Poor thing.
Was just copying his format you .
Isn't this the same guy who was pissing himself in jail and 'losing his mind'. once again lying to prove false innocence
Dear , are you yet? America needs you in the White House. Sincerely, the United States of America. Please and thank you
Pic - icc chiefs Pic - watching mausam aaj tak
Senior cabinet ministers were reported to have hatched plans to force other candidates to withdraw from the race
Hello You should take some cricket planning and coaching lessons from Instead of wasting your time on Dhoni's gloves ull cud hv done some productive execution for the matches 🤫
There is no doubt that the Russians would be thrilled to see Boris Johnson succeed. They would have disrupters in both the White House and Number .
Dhoni sir never do any thing wrong So dear ICC plz dont ask him to remove that gloves
Woohoo!! Hope this is real! news - live: Mueller to give obstruction testimony 'very soon' as president makes rambling campaign speech ...
At this point, we have to wonder if has told more or committed more .
won in only because of the help from Russians and he is very willing for them to help him again.
ANOTHER DAY VOLUNTEERING AT THE VENICE MEDICAL SCHOOL. EVERYONE KEEPS ASKING ME IF THEY CAN FUCK THE LEECHES. BUDDY, THEY WONT EVEN LET ME FUCK THEM
Congress abusive language towards PM Modi in Parliament is unacceptable.. Punish the MP\n
Bill, what would you have said if Trump would have had the US military level one of Iran's bases? You are a fraud.
and oppon using to abuse PM. Kick them out for rest of the time
Shout, shout, SHOUT! What's the use? Can't make head nor tail of the so-called 'debate'. Waris is a twit. But Arnab joining in his screaming match? When the 'Republic' has to shout, it's a sure sign of anarchy round the bend. Get ready folks.
Fuck sake. Mums got a sore throat and she came to me and goes the doctor says I have an inflamed vulva I THINK YOU MEAN UVULA MUM
But the free, independent and brave media of Pakistan has pretended that nothing happened...so much for Pakistans dictated democracy and so much Pakistani muzzled media
Last time Muslim Representaves were present in doing something. They created Pakistan. \ncc :
YOU STUPID BITCH, \nYOU FILTHY SLUT! \nI'LL TEACH YOU TO \nFUCK WITH ME!
adult sharing video oral sex articles cat fuck gay video oral sex oral doctor usa video xxx dating uniform fucked daddy real online sex fuck bisexual oral translate india sex video
dating virgin teeny pussy fuck Hot indian sex scenes japanese school doctor sex video Fuck it girls version
... Those who are unhappy with Modiji, call him names should be asked to leave the country...Waris Pathan should be the first to leave along with Owaisi they won't find a place to live in this world as everyone will reject hypocrats like them.
In conclusion, if you are going to try and ruin our games at least know what the fuck you are talking about in the first place brainlets.
BREAKING: Huge blast in Rawalpindi, Pakistan at the city's Military Hospital where Pakistan Army was protecting jihadi terrorist as a patient. Azhar was involved in the on India.
(cmon Sarah, one more lie from you before you go.)\n\nOur president is a documented serial liar. Im inclined to believe Ms. Carol and not trust a word hes saying. \n\nThis:
Waris appears on TV with an AK-47 in the background, he is trying to appear as some jihadi warrior.
Back a man with no morals, no clue and could not give a fuck about anyone. Sounds a stupid idea.
Is having a FUCKING LAUGH? His plans to cut taxes from the rich are to come out of a proposed raise to employee national insurance? Why the FUCK do I have to pay more so that people richer than me can have even more money they dont fucking need?
You fool Bamla, if you don't know a language then speak in that language that you are fluent in.
Abuse can't obstruct the rise of India under the leadership of Ji. Looters of our country mustn't take the advantages of Democracy.
Its Shame for Congress ! These type of idiots should not be in politics , there should be some moral values in people who is so called leader/neta . . Arnab plz don't allow these people who doesn't have respect for PM/ President on national TV
How can a PM of a country be abused like this.?Gande keede hi Gande Nale ki baat karenge
Why do you call Gandi Naali fellows to the debate?
What the fucking fuck?
| Vikaas has gone to the dogs now. We will object if law is not followed: Waris Pathan- MLA, AIMIM & Advocate\n
You\'re making me late for work. He scoffed, getting up from bed and entering his closet.\n\nIt\'s a Sunday.\n\nI\'m a doctor and people live and die everyday. I\'m at work /7. He spoke. Besides, what the fuck did you think we were goung to do this morning, cuddle or some shit?
This Pathans n Srivastavs will never learn their lesson but what right they hv to abuse the President n the democratically elected PM... shame shame shame \n
Jesus suffering fuck! Hunt or Johnson. Hands up everyone who is now up for a shit load of chaos with Ed Miliband?
fuck u th doctor Fuck You
Really,\nAll are your businesses?\n\nThats why you people dont follow rules & becomes terrorist?
adult sharing video oral sex articles cat fuck gay video oral sex oral doctor usa video xxx dating uniform fucked daddy real online sex fuck bisexual oral translate india sex video
Doctor: do you smoke or drink?\n\nLad: only on nights out if my friends got smokes and a lighter too aha\n\nDoctor: Haha yes lad, fuck buying them bro Ill say nothing so
Now trump has to look for an even more evil guy to replace him. Draining the swamp ...
fat fucks gonna fat fuck\n\nJason would know plenty about that now, wouldn\'t he?\n\npaging Doctor Freud....
\nThe MP must be kicked out at once.
You could be dying and all you will hear from doctors is its a virus BITCH MY BABY HAS A TEMP OF how the fuck is that a virus. All she does is puke, oh wait its because shes teething hahaha ok.
Indias worst CM is working on his image, writes Shivam Vij , and elains why he thinks his opponents will let him succeed\n\n
adult sharing video oral sex articles cat fuck gay video oral sex oral doctor usa video xxx dating uniform fucked daddy real online sex fuck bisexual oral translate india sex video
who the fuck puts milk on mashed potatoes
R DOWN !
That's because is, was, and always will be racist. He should NOT be where he is today. He's such an idiot.
Please people if you're at do not be a total to the employees. They are not to blame for the craziness. .
from on if you looked up the word liar in the dictionary it would have a picture of and holding hands. Her name will forever be linked to the word liar just like Benedict Arnold is linked with . Good Riddance
it will be the biggest insult to India if Dhoni have to remove . We are paying the salaries of ICC. BCCI should have guts to say go to hell to ICC. I can assure ICC will be having begging bowl. We need to show ICC the right place.
And an empty space in place of vacuous, bumbling, lying, racist . Clear why admires him.
Baki Jo bhi ho but you are from
Does bhakts have guts to trend ? Opportunist Canadian dalla
After watching I feel so sad! This isn’t possible, but it was! really! And fuck everyone who is a racist! That’s not cool! We are one
Holy. Fucking. Shit. is an absolute menice to all that is good with our democracy and our nation. The worst part about it is, his Kool-Aid drinking deplorable followers will think this is OK.
Ps. The crisis in my country is YOU and the corruption and theasshole in the Oval Office. If $ is your god, go! If you have ANY sense of decency resign
Shes ...just like how this ... is a ........
Gross just like her 🤮
Of course you would... idiots always back up other idiots... if you had any sense, which clearly is not the case. You would put the PEOPLE FIRST and call a So WE HAVE THE CHOICE!!!
in addition to being mentally ill.
Lock up the sexual predator
The trump admin are pieces of trash that need to be thrown where they belong. No respect for life &amp; I have no respect for them. As a grandfather, trump should be SHOWING his grandkids the world not giving a*sholes like his sons licence to KILL every good thing in it.
is fuckin - court forces survivor to allow to have visitation with children
hey Jackoff, you're not trusted now! ┌∏┐ (•˽•)┌∏┐
Never trust a
I'm actually shocked that boris Johnson has children I cant comprehend it, someone reproduced with him.. hes a fool a dangerous fool!
What do you get the man who lies about everything?
Fact of the day, did you know that immigrants from Central America are Americans? Even the ones that the Trump administration puts in cages and kidnaps their children. They are Americans.
stands by , says should focus on Full Story:
New polling shows Pete Buttigieg would beat Donald Trump in the general election
WTF. ji's own nephew (and Kolkata mayor's daughter) are protesting as doctors. Are they too? Is she willingly ignoring blood relations for petty political gains?
Majority of American millionaires support a wealth tax on American millionaires
I yield my time to and .
Wow... bad enough is still alive &amp; in the White House.. Now a cold blooded killer has a page. I have truly seen it all. Gonna shut my eyes &amp; pray the horror show stops.
But Du30 will declare war against Canada over trash?
That is plain evil,&amp; UR dept took that minion's word with ZERO proof? UR as deranged as he is, and just as culpable as that killer! I've ALWAYS backed the Blue &amp; always will! But I'll never stand with those who are just as cruel/evil as criminals are!
It is not a secret, all of the world knows our President is compromised.
Whoops, too late!
OJ for press secretary! OJ has all the key attributes.... Natural born liar Natural born swindler Natural born KILLER! Come down Trump... What you waiting for!
I don't know of too many people who need to bc they never followed him in the first place, so may I suggest adding to the equation? And when he tweets something idiotic use screencap instead of RT...don't give him that satisfaction bc
'cause it's perfectly normal to carry around international trade/immigration agreements in one's breast pocket.
Happy John McCain day
Empty podiums make too much noise
Hey, You! Get off of my flag!
Back-stabbing son of a bitch.
My advice to and Patriots RT... Let's make it happen
Inhraham is as stupid and partisan as they come. She’s almost as repugnant as you. Almost.
In Fairness To , Is A And A ! By The Way Have Also Funded : , , (LeT) It's All About Power &amp; Religion: vs
Way to go!! Let’s continue supporting their work. I’m ordering the flask today!
can see badge but doesn't see the ground was not covered. Most developed Country in and call as the national sports Yet can't do anything for the biggest tournament. Learn something from
This is what your country will soon look like if you EVER let in-in any way‼️Finance/joint ventures/land ownership/infrastructure or G‼️Yes they own HK but we got complacent while Britain had it’s year lease-this is no longer the we knew!🇨🇳
Taking sides with the Russians again
To protest against who is an egoistic megalomaniac is completely fine. But where the hell was Indian medical association when kafeelkhan was witch-hunted by Yogi Adityanath.
The Worst World Cup Ever? My article
SHE'S 'HONORED' TO HAVE ADMITTED TO LYING FOR TRUMP? 🤢 Sarah Sanders on working at White House: ‘Honor of a lifetime’ via
.... and more morons than would have watched the without up the ass of the celebrate.
Yes! Does Trump love Playboy centerfolds? Opps I forgot, he said I did not put my hands on the ***y 🤔. NOT!
has set a new bar for eing treasonous government in plain sight.
Gotta find SOME way to throw a wet blanket on the party huh?
Is the Tory l/ship race a charade? They deserve to go extinct if this is their version of democracy. BJ not at debate - can’t he be bothered or his supporters fear his making a gaffe? We want a PM like this? An unelected buffoon.
of the Identity of Robert Kennedy’s READ MORE:
as an alternative...
Why is Dhoni wearing the glove such a big deal for ICC?
I'm officially dead. I lost my regular glasses so it's nighttime and I'm still wearing sunglasses.
JoeU for president
He has destroyed this country. We need him out. Dragged by his ugly orange roots and pissed on.
Can they refund tickets money ?? Not paid to visit rainy grounds of England
Didn’t he commit one to get elected. This is pathetic what this country is allowing this to get away with!
How the rest of the World Cup will be played
ाहारगइ now Mamata CM WB wants to meet injured Dr Paribaha Bannerjee. This means ultimately Mamata has lost. RT if you agree.
Is that it? Seriously? Is that your pitch? Is that your, 'mustn't be seen or heard', pitch?
I just threw up in my mouth a little bit.
'Rain halts the cricket match but not the memes ️'
''This is not India vs Pakistan This is IND-PAK VS RAIN
. welcome to a twitter . In case anyone forgot, just over years ago, OJ Simpson slaughtered two innocent people, one of whom was his ex-wife. While, after a circus of a trial, he was not found guilty, he was found to be responsible by a civil jury.
Donald Trump Jr. to be interviewed by Senate panel behind closed doors Wednesday
should be investigated for why they choose England as venue and at this time. Thai may turn to be a scam. Fans bought so eensive tickets year ago and the arrangements to cover grounds is wrost than club cricket.
My Poppy is better than your insignia?
Donald, foreign governments are not individuals, and you don't meet with them every day. Unless your meds need adjusting and you're hallucinating again.
Little girl crying because he couldn't be in a parade. Such a hypocrite bought a kid for a doll...
Nothing to say. He is Pakistan Cabinet Minister!!!!!?? How? Gandu the, gandu hain or gandu he rahega!!
I bet any of England matches wont be abandoned due to rain. All other countries should boycott this world cup
SAY NO
Interviewer- Why are you beating up the protesting doctors. They haven't done anything wrong. Policeman-
should start own world cricket council.
delivering about a
If you can watch ‘ when they see us’ and not shed a tear then you ain’t got a heart or soul. Absolutely Unbelievable what they Went through &amp; scary to think the amount of people it’s happened too &amp; they’ve never had justice.
Follow the blues ?or Follow the weather ?
I forgot , , , , , , , , , , , as f and
Amen! Good riddance indeed....Sarah and the Devil walking side by side!
now where are the officials and where is no need to remove the gloves at any cost
ICC doesn't care about the rain being the spoil sport because protected by rain insurance cover for Refund Process overs or less - % refund -Between to overs - % refund -After overs - No refund
YOU'RE the biggest scandal in the history of the United States of America. 🇺🇲🇺🇲
Why is it unqualified men in power always have an opinion on something they no nothing about &amp; want to enforce it? Ffs.....
Great. Here's a quick update from Canada: We hate (but not pumpkin pie, pumpkin-spice latté, The Great Pumpkin, or gourds in general; just that idiot dictator-wannabe who is trashing your reputation, America).
You are an evil man.
So.... when it happens to its a disgracefull spy-affair. But when it happens to his oponents is oppo-research.... riiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiight.
. We on the Jedi Council agree... ... if he’s lucky
Hmm, Matt Hancock is backing Boris Johnson as the next Prime Minister. Looks like he's taking the 'If you can't beat them, join them' mantra rather seriously.
U CAN LIE ALL YOU WANT, but there is no escaping justice. You are only delaying the inevitable. We the people will prosecute you, convict you, &amp; jail you and ALL of your co-conspirators. Your time left being a free traitor is short.
I think he's done quite enough already
My dad used to sail on tankers like that one as a Bosun. He said they had to be careful not to cause a spark when they worked on deck. All of you warmongering at the eense of people who are just trying to do their job.
Why you are not opening your wide mouth?
. ICC on Dhoni's gloves Vs .ICC planning the World Cup
Getting even like a knife to the neck
Your fear is showing again. You tweet like the mad man you are when either things are not going your way or big info is going to come out soon.
He won't leave = LOCK HIM UP! LOCK HIM UP! LOCK HIM UP! LOCK HIM UP! LOCK HIM UP! LOCK HIM UP! LOCK HIM UP! LOCK HIM UP! LOCK HIM UP! LOCK HIM UP! LOCK HIM UP!
| 'We are doctors, we are not CPM, we are not BJP, we are not outsiders, we are doctors!,' say protesting doctors at NRS Hospital in Kolkata refuting West Bengal CM Mamata Banerjee, even as doctors from across India stand with them
If all remaining get washed : NZ - Ind - Eng - Aus - WI - SL - Pak - Bang - SA - Afg - Semi Final Aus vs NZ (If rain continues), NZ Eng vs Ind (If rain continues), Ind Final Ind vs NZ (If rain continues), India-NZ will win jointly 🤣🤣.
This isn’t the OJ hour...STFU and STF down...
John Dean: I'm honored to be on Trump's enemies list
The only shit I hear is what comes out of your mouth
people I follow have followed OJ Simpson. You know who you are.
isn't it fitting that she steps away on a lie the same as she stepped in on a lie? and is betraying America!
England won the toss and decided to swim first.
Cross-posting from a friends FB post: 'Please supply the names and addresses of two referees whom we may approach, ideally one from your school or college and one from a former employer:'
. is an admitted criminal who sees nothing wrong with foreign interference in our elections. That's O.K. if you are a Republican and winning at all costs is what's important To Hell with Democracy.
What a shit show. how can you be okay with this? No exclusion for rape victims but support for 's parental rights? ://
Yesterday England got points bcz of Rain Lost..
You need to focus on the Lower Level of Umpiring in World Cup instead of Dhoni's glove.
Hey Your economy is tanking! Your economy is collapsing Happy Fathers Day, failed businessmen
Trump accidentally reveals part of his alleged secret deal
Bad habits.Heart &amp; liver bad. Patient dies in hospital. Bad trains.Accident. Patient dies in hospital. Let's hit the doctor. We are those Who will never question system Never hit bad drivers.
Some of the most brightest minds walk in the yard of ! It’s is the responsibility of the University to provide a safe environment for those minds to thrive and be leaders. The world don’t need and those who support rapist as leaders! Our leaders set the path!
I think depending on a Criminals Past and be definitely on cases of Repeat Offenders . Keep getting out of prison repeatedly for doing same offense when is
Now i am worried for my life not patients if this mentality of people continues doctor will not take risks to save the patient even he will not touch the patient because of fear of getting punch and freehaemorrhage 'and injustice
What to do about a and a party that supports him
First learn to type without errors then give gyan doesn't need certificate from anyone on his patriotism
No shock! They could have offered Namaz in locker room or anywhr else, why Cricket ground? Obviously that puts restriction on others (u wont agree). If religion is private affair why showoff and impose?
but don’t get deluded like idiots aka who can only come up with some waffle about the empire and zero based on reality to stop in its tracks.
Why are they covers for the entire field. Cant you spend some money now and make sure the whole ground is covered. And be flexible with the timings.
And you trust .
TUBMANS
Go away
orders to pay his , , just in compensation - Jun :49 AM ET
Far-Right Cell Planned Attack On Jewish Event In Paris
Prize ceremony time of It's look Amazing
uses hiding as a tactic. Did it after referendum too.... It's pathetic. What a wimp!!!!
A white coat has no color Dont divide doctors into political party
This is all accurately perfectly written —But calling him a pervert isn’t exactly good enough. He’s a
Notice how he still uses the same words and phrases today when he's clueless, lying and grifting? 🤔
Wow! Just wow!
Urgent request. Please pass ordinance for punishing violence against doctors. Immediately
this is the best way that would've gone after washouts, to have organised such a bizzare No words can describe how terrible this has been on the part of Only money &amp; no emotions is a real virus to cricket
No. Its called a registry if you do that and is remniscent of Hitler and Nazi tactics to disarm citizens. It won’t ever happen here.
such an idiot. Let’s see how spin his idiocy THIS TIME.
More ripping families apart for political reasons. This is outrageous
I think you mean achomlishments.
-&gt; called to say that's not how it works, you can change yourself not reality. to actual fathers. faux king
I’m not sure why ArianA Grande drove a MAC Miller to suicide ! It has been months and to this day it pains me ! Mac was so talented ! While his family mourns she basks in the spotlight of her tacky singles ! Just trash !
I don't think it's a case of him not daring to appear but of his minders knowing what a risk it is every time he opens his mouth. Who will control him if he becomes PM?
Enjoy Missy, Beautiful here in the city that never sleeps, Great protest here at Foley Square. funny thing no Pro-Trumpsters no hats. Chants of
Yup all thanks to Trump
What is this.... Where was ICC then.
Thanks for fund raising on the promise of Obamacare repeal from Republican voters only to screw them over by deciding it was more important to put yourself first just to screw Trump in a personal vendetta. A RINO LIKE YOU! 'preciate it.
you suck!!! Left your team alone!!!
Awww.....so unlucky mahn... No place for peace here..
Let's not forget that just found out and tried to deny the existence of SHITTY poll numbers too!
Happy John McCain day everyone.
Hidden figures? Like your hidden vote to repeal sanctions against Oleg Deripaska and Rusal? Guess you support Russian Oligarchs and Communists.
Never before has a press secretary been so dishonest!
Whi bat hai sir ...ye kren to bhut shi gesture mana jaega . Everybody will appreciate it and encourage it to do it again but if the same thing Indians do, they try to make it controversial . But what is unnecessary is unnecessary.
. uses the word because he hears it so much. 🤣
Madbum is such a
She's not a lawyer...lolol🤣🤣🤣🤣 she &amp; her murderous other half had their licenses yanked a long time ago. Hell I believe if you can't be civil enough to keep a law license...WTH She's a &amp;
Is that a question or exclamation?🤷‍️🤷‍️🤷‍️
Alabama banned abortion for rape victims. It's also protecting rapists' parental rights. - The Washington Post No one person should have a right to a child based on a violent act of rape!
did Jesus make you do it?
Thanks Kenley Jansen
What a
She should never have left Italy. She should STILL be locked up there.
Your wife cannot be trusted either. Do you eress that to her Geo? She's got us doubting your own motives. No one associated with this admin has credibility. Not just in this country but across the globe. Enemies and (used to be ) allies alike.
You let outside opinions effect situation.
This incompetent and arrogant idiot can't get anything right . An International embarrassment for us! ِ_اعظم
What in the hll is wrong with her!
having equal rights with functional members of society &amp; hopes for the bright future = mutually exclusive
Dear , Don't be biased for English players. If they can support their armies, then why not our players Question is for you
Am I better off since was installed by the Russians? Slightly yes. The growth of my wealth has dominised under . He does not know hoe economics work. We are so screwed.
Is this a lie too? Good riddence piece of . Now if only would go.
R. Kelly is a Child Molester and Sexual Predator Lock R. Up!!
When ppl wear religion on their faces in cricketing world, no1 objects. They wear d logos of cigarettes n alcohol adds, it doesn't matter to anyone. Y they want to snatch Dhoni's freedom of respecting his country's Armed Force ? Height of hypocrisy n meanness.
Yoah this fucking pisses me off!!! she put the baby down then what. Y’all threatens to shoot her while she had the baby in her hands. Y’all gonna call cps on her and say she neglected the child.
Hi , what a coincidence, the majority of Scottish people think that self-serving compulsive liars like yourself should not be allowed to be prime minister.
Dear if uh r capable of removing that from daily routine then do whatever it takes and i bet uh he will never keep that symbol apart from him.. Even his daughter's t-shirt says- 'my dad's a para'. Then who uh r
oval office moron embarrasses u.s. again.
Today is Birthday wish Him a Happy Birthday instead of trump... To trump we say ...
What happened to bringing jobs back to America?
is shit. Can't even schedule matches properly. should have either started a bit early or a bit late. used to commence before the IPL. Number of matches abandoned in is more than the total number of matches abandoned in the previous .
the only solution of is that hang till death. this place is not for these kind of demons.
How do you eect them to have chins if their daddy has a double chin, plus his daughters vagina underneath his face ? 🤷‍️🤦‍️
Of course, , , , and serial sexual predator of women, will do nothing about this as he has complete contempt for the rule of law, unless he can use it as a tool to bash an opponent!
Tomorrow is ’s birthday... Let’s celebrate June ... as
The way its raining in India's match along with other deserving country also, don't think England have to work really hard to make it to top . Poor english
I'm curious, have you been speaking Russian so long you've forgotten English?
Shut it up Chuckles! How about those dads who now have one less child thanks to them being murdered by illegals. Leave it to a Democrat to turn Father’s Day into politics.
Ah yes Facebook memories where I get reminders of how much of a dickhead I am.
. You defend a traitor to the USA.
' Is Behind Bars But The Is Another ' via
Abu Taher Khan, MP, AITC threatened Junior Doctors of MURSHIDABAD MEDICAL COLLEGE &amp; HOSPTITAL Publicly and provoked others to attack. Shame Legislator shame... We r not afraid of such threatening..
Since it's your birthday
Another one bites the dust....
If so (and I don't agree) it's only because the bloody media is conducting his campaign for him, instead of being responsible, analytical and challenging.
YOU, are the ENEMY OF HUMANITY!
worst planning, no ground cover going in the lines of world cup in the west indies as a super flop rain show . &amp; run by jokers with no organising skills
put him in jail!
Sir We met you at your homefor helping us? its more than2 year. Till date no support from CID and no judgement from honurable court and no support from How long you want to watch such scams?
is anything but a 'man'. What he IS is a and a . this . Continued
This is rich coming from a douchbag that steals $ from the cancer charity
It's deeply political &amp; staged by . tried Hindu Muslim angle within hours. When it failed machinery started demonizing Why did EC appointed KP pull security from hospitals?
Yes you are a spineless coward!!!
has no problem with the entire Pakistan cricket team marking territory by praying on the cricket field (part of Muslim ritual prayer) but find insignia on 's gloves inappropriate. 🇮🇳
You’re no brains. Free speech. Here’s more: Many people are saying........
This world cup should be ban !! Rain rain rain motherfuckerr ICC Shift this world to another country or ban this world cup
If we had a basic intelligence test for POTUS, ⁦⁩ would not be infesting our ⁦⁩ since he’s dumber then a rd grader. attacks Nasa and claims the moon is 'a part' of Mars. ⁦⁩
will go down in history as the LIAR who tried to gaslight America, shared a doctored video, and so much more, all in service of a . hit the nail on the head, 'maybe she's born with it, maybe it's lies.'
we don't give a damn if this offends him and nobody else should, either! Grow a pair ! You're too cowardly to release his taxes and should be held in contempt and in jail for every day you refuse to release them. You're a coward, we want the $20Tubman!
Psst no 'do over', continuing. You're nervous AF huh? Oversight shouldnt bother you as you're all about transparency, right? It's who obstructs&amp; doesn't have ability to govern.
Thought for a minute his name was PRICKARD and thought yep...that elains his intellect.... then put on my glasses on and realized he's just a
Hitler...anyone...anyone...this is Hitler shit...this is Hitler.
What about our fake president? He lies so much and is so stupid he doesn't even know how stupid he is.
When you lets the news outlets tell your story...stop letting the news paint false narratives of our black ppl..But for dumpster rapist gets a nice portrait
You’re a white person who promotes the racist agenda of MAGA and you’re telling people to “stop with the race card” 🤦‍️ You must live in that world where all the other fartman lovers live... DENIAL LAND!
admitting he would be willing to compromise electoral sovereignty in the country he purports to preside over should anger all Americans. It is openly treasonous and an insult to every person who has fought to defend our institutions.
Cannot disclose until the fake case she filed is quashed. AS long as it's on.. she's a 'Victim'. And karan roams with hashtag of until proven innocent. And even after.. people will still associate him with it.. so UNFAIR.
This time last year we had no manager, no Taylor, practically no team and look where we are now, one statement later and everyone turns into a bunch of melts..! Some fans need to grow the fuck up, this is football, this is , this is what we do..!
Chutiye What about the biggest health scam industry these ‘doctors’ run in India? they should be ashamed of themselves
Really is that why fox cut you off when you ztart your crazy talk wow even your propaganda wing is throwing you under the bus. Looks like your the actual enemy of the people. Fucking bell end.
is such a . He would have really gone places in the Third Reich.
You know, I really want to tweet something negative to but I won't because I know that's what he wants us to do.
No patriotic American will ever stop wanting to see criminals behind bars.
I wouldn't want him following me.
Mam. Pls don't promote a Private University whose owner is a . Rather share some good news which Faculty Of Social Work, MSU has achieved.
I’m sorry you are so I’ll-informed! It is a crime to take foreign government’s help in order to influence an election and YOUR president said he’d commit that crime to get re-elected!!
What's the deal with Griezmann and his way of revealing things. Big promo to stay hes staying then a big promo to say hes leaving now another to reveal his next club.
THANK YOU. And only stopped funding the dossier because Trump was projected to be the nominee. Even the conservatives didn't want him as President.
Hey Binx, fuck what that asshat thinks! Look at his profile...
No surprise there. Warner’s a classic “do as I say, not as I do” guy.
if u and ur govt have little shame and believe in humanity, then act against inhuman act. It is not about religion, but it is about humanity. One religion can't teach us to tortured and rape citizen. Time will teach u lesson if u don't take action.
is Putin’s Puppet!
Full of fools.. ICC
You’re really stabbin...er, grabbin straws here. Go away
The US-Mexican border, where established moral leadership and national pride descends and falls into the hades abyss and mixes with dragon dung, rises with the stench of , and compels the decent folk to spew their soul.
I seem to remember a radio show that called you to offer dirt on President Trump. You sounded pretty eager for it.
All Eng matches are on dry pitches &amp; sunny days, and others have been gifted with green tops with wet outfields &amp; gloomy weather conditions... Schedule is 'well fixed' for by our who finds Dhoni's Balidaan gloves more important than this
It seems the Rain &amp; thunder god only like to see playing on the field! Why such discrimination, eh! 🤨🤣
Raped in Days Some Say That Muslims are Scared in
That's cute and all, but absolutely NOT TRUE! That's not how it works LYING about it won't help you
Will 'The Mad n Irrational Dictator' Mamata Banerjee listen to Dr. Harsh Vardhan when she has not picked up telephone calls of Prime Minister and Governor of West Bengal?
or more like RUNDIA, place of and
Could this be our new Prime Minister?
