West Bengal Doctor Crisis: Protesting doctors agree to meet Mamata Banerjee in presence of full media even as IMA goes on strike
million people have been forced to leave their homes. Read more:
You came, you saw .... we will look after the fort! Good luck!
We'll get Brexit delivered by October st. Help build the movement that will do it
Fuck you. Go back to the dark ages you cow : Rapes happen because men and women interact freely: Mamata
Boris Johnson faces Supreme Court bid to make him stand trial for ‘lying and misleading’ in Brexit campaign …
What about a refund for not serving Halala to Muslims and regularly adding Onions to Jain food !! Does Food not carries a religion here ??
General election, DUP dumped out, Tory power weakened. The only way out
free.wicked • • • • • • … …
Jesus Christ Christian News. Illuminati is now changing Bible into gay comedy book: God having bestiality sex, Peter running around naked, King David bowing Muslim way to gay lover Johnathan, 'wink mark' after incest verse, Jesus wearing girdle, men's milk …
Even true Muslims are not supporting zakir...they knkmow that he promotes terrorism in the name of Islam and brings disgrace to their religion...i knowthat he is a chutiyappa since years..thank god people are realizing it now
'In Kerala, it's all halal'. Of course, sickular bastion that it is. 'Here they serve pork too.' Lol, highly unlikely in any district with more than % Muslim population. A church bishop was beaten up for serving pork to non-muslim students in this very same Kerala lol.
Look sweetie it’s simple- as a Jain if I ask for veg food but get non veg, I can complain and it’s Zomato’s duty to address. But if I have a problem with the person delivering the food, Zomato is within its rights to say fuck off. The same case with Halal food. Simple na.
Fifth of the population now in poverty, affecting the poorest and most vulnerable. has caused £4bn to be spent on and intends to spend £100m on no deal propaganda! You should be bloody ashamed of yourself and your vanity project.
Bengal doctors crisis: A state which has pulled out of Ayushman Bharat, the poor are the worst affected of Mamata’s apathy
John is one of our top Councillors and We thank you John and appreciate your hard Work..
told you Islam is not fair. No point discussing it any further. Islam is a disgrace, it treats women as unequals in society. Why would any western country politician want to import more of this cult? Sheer madness.
By shitting yourself and taking the backdoor out, instead of fronting up to the public.
Kathy Zhu, a supporter of President Trump, was stripped of her title because of comments about African-Americans and Muslims.
Turn up in Westminster once, and collapse the Government. Shouting from the sidelines is totally unconstructive, when there is actually something you could do.
Considering this is a dumb fuck country with illiterate dumb fuck people I won't be surprised if Maya, Mamata and Akhil fuse themselves into one big buffalo and become PM
For ur kind information 'halala' is not Islamic. So stop spreading misinformation. Also u don't know anything about 'talaq' so just shut up about that. P.S. and 'talaq' in Islam r not the same. Go get ur facts right
Go write it on the side of a bus.
When are these douche bags going to realize that most of the economic gains are just continuing trends from Obama's administration? Also, these don't negate him being a racist asshole. It's like the battered wife making excuses for staying in the relationship.
How the internet spawned st-century fascism
Well Cricket fanatics should reach out to to check on this. What do you say? How to calculate over throw or when to stay or not to stay with field umpire decision all are part of the deal. Isn't it. Fuck the rule book.
Kolkata Muslims write to Mamata Banerjee: Don’t let culprits who attacked doctors and Ushoshie get away just because they are Muslims

We love you Zomato...kudos to your reply
I do not think the British people will take being lied to again. Can Nigel Farage see into the future I was saying give him a chance Nigel but I do not like the rumours I am hearing today and I hope it is not true.
Some Democratic presidential candidates have committed to end Trump's Muslim Ban on day one of their presidency – but all of the candidates need to do the same. We call on every participant in this week's to join them.
Halala was never part of islam lekin halala ke naam par mulle khoob maje le rabe tumahri maa behan beti ke aur tum bhi maje se dekh rahe unki izzat lutate huye. Aise to baat baat par bomd fod dete ho lekin ek bhi muslim londa inn mullon ke against kuch nahi bolta. Dhikkar hai
No Good Friday agreement, no deals with Trump.
Today’s the day! See you at Belmore Park at pm for some great speakers. The stage will be at the Hay St side of Belmore Park. We’ll march to Victoria Park along Broadway.
Have a word with Corbyn if U get a chance. If he had opposed Brexit the whole thing would probably have failed and been history by now. He has allowed the tories to stay in power and keep going with this nonsense
SF campaigned on an abstentionist policy. Those now calling for them to take their seats are asking them to renege on promises made to their electorate. Would YOU swear allegiance to a foreign monarch? I dislike SF, but this mess is not of their making.
Please, you have it in your power to bring down the British Government. For all our sakes support a no confidence vote. Thanks
Karyakartas of ABVP Assam protested against the tyrannical rule of Mamata Banerjee where even doctors are not safe! ABVP strongly condemns the attack on junior doctors in NRS College, Kolkata. We demand that perpetrators should be held and doctors should be served justice.
The lack of flesh from the face is either metaphorically indicative of disgrace & wretchedness, or it would actually happen as a symptom of sinning and the punishment thereof. Aversion against begging has been mentioned because it brings shame both in this world & the Hereafter.
So Many Hindus Arrested.... HINDUS ARE...WHAT THE FUCK MAN..I m angry now Sali mamata
Ten years ago Nick Griffin appeared on , causing a furore. He was duly taken apart by other guests. Now the BBC routinely features fawning interviews with far-right scumbags such as Steve Bannon, who wants to train an army of disciples to disrupt the West. Get a grip, BBC.
Swiggy be crying in the kitchen rn
Remember, it is the majority of the English who are the separatists, not the Scots!
Watch “Dr. Qanta Ahmed: Rep. Omar is a disgrace to Islam” on YouTube …
STILL. AND ALWAYS. …
. DO YOUR FUCKING JOBS!! And Who Votes For Him! You Need To Worry About Who’s Gonna Vote Democratic After YOUR NON WORKING ASSES!!
Trump’s story about almost dying in a helicopter crash is a lie: Former Trump Org exec
As a Marine veteran I wasn’t a fan of the president I served at the time, but I stuck to my oath in served the Constitution. Left or right does not matter while serving. As a left veteran now I find it disturbing that so many veterans what to .
If a Hindu mob were to lynch Muslim doctors, every political leader, Modi to Mamata to Rahul to Nitish to Kejri would announce a slew of compensation, visit the victims, and do elaborate Man ki Baats. Mujhe Maro, Mera Doctors ko maat maro, maat maro mere bhaiyon! Hindus disowned
is now trending in
Yes! Boris is only doing what was agreed v early on, a transition period if a deal is struck, is just common sense and was approved all round back in the long lost days of . Having a good Deal, but still wanting to leave next day, simply isn't necessary or practical.
At least they told both of you to basically fuck off
“: Sorry, call me paranoid, but this is NOT the behaviour of a sane person. This is scary as fuck ”
Yeah this kinda Taqiyya is done to convince morons like you. Read the Quran, there are s of quotes calling for violence and multiple quotes calling for taking kaffir women as sex slaves. Something that Mohammed himself did and encouraged. Muslims consider him the ideal human.
Omar was allowed to take the oath of office on the Koran. That is a disgrace. She is follower of Islam. The difference between a radical & moderate follower is: Radical: Worship Allah or I will behead you. Moderate: Worship Allah or Radical will behead you. She is the harbinger
The average guy still trusts you Mamata. Don't fuck it all up like the Commies did. Too much at stake for the state now.
Dear , what's wrong in cancelling food being delivered by a Muzlim delivery boy? Did we forget Srilanka where they mixed sterilization pills in the food? Did we forget Mumbai, where Muzlim boys tried to poison Prashad consumed by ,000 devotees? TIME TO WAKE UP GUYS
/10 Talk about becoming that which they hate, i.e. both Islam and 'western ideas'. Totally ludicrous and an utter disgrace to the semi-secular philosophical treasures that India has given to the world for millennia.
Nyasa Times - Some Malawi activists pen ICC over HRDC, opposition ‘crimes against humanity’
I've no problem with the EU27 fully federalising. It's what I always eected to happen, I just want to make sure my country isn't part of it.
The simple math that should keep Republicans up at night
Ye hain 'Bankey Bihari' , ye July ko hi bhartee huay hain TROLL ARMY mein .... Inki bhasha dekhiye , Maa baap se bhi ye shayad aise hi baat karta hoga .. Kaash ye shakha ki jaga school gaya hota ! May Maa Durga ease his pain of not achieving anything except TROLLSHIP in life !
Hi — as a I stand in solidarity with the world's poorest people and want you to do the same in . Please continue to protect , ensuring it's delivered with the primary goal of ending extreme poverty, and through an independent
… …
Thank you persist! We all need to be together we all need to keep the love flowing we all need to be in this together because in numbers we can fight and win our country back. We need love not hate.
TMC facilated Bagla Film Atrist are about to save Political future of Mamata Banerji. Shame on them.
Arabic Maulana saying 'If a Muslim Rapes a Women & she gets Pregnant and gave birth to a Daughter. Then the Daughter will not be Haram to the his Father. The Father can Marry/Rape/sex Slave that Daughter, Allah is Great'
icc test championship is just a stupid idea pakistan and newziland is playing just series while india england and aistralia are playing or teast matches
It speaks for me When we act Justly And we Walk Humbly
'Fundementally essential' might be more positive than 'Huge importance'?
Mamata Banerji to People chanting 'Jai Shri Ram' :
I am not saying your idea is not logical, but from eerience, Arlene is not logical, nor is the DUP, if they think you are diluting the union, it is curtains.
I would never vote Trump but he is going to win big because of shit like this. The Dems r burying themselves and they deserve to lose. Their only message is Trump is Hitler or .
Fuck you, Mamata Banerjee. Fuck you and your dictatorial self-importance. Fuck you and the box of crazed delusion that you came in.
No Muslim MP of both houses favoured Teen Talaq bill. Teen Talaq stopped scope of call to these MP's and all opposing MP from Mulla Maulvi Imam to perform HALALA. Now they do additional sex with ladies of his own house's.
Basically Mamata just tags any protest against her as whatever her enemy of the day is. The BJP did try hijacking the protest but NRS doctors themselves told them to fuck off.
Dr. Qanta Ahmed: Rep. Omar is a disgrace to Islam
Love Is Love: This Dreamy Photoshoot Of Same Sex Hindu-Muslim Couple Goes Viral … via love is beautiful in all forms, very refreshing and natural pics.
Correction- they are NOT pulling over drivers. It is for pedestrians & cyclists. If they observe you obeying the law, they may approach you to start a conversation & hand out the certificate and it is only being done in Tempe. Still a stupid idea..
If you support trump you support racism, bigotry and homophobia. They are his policies.
'My prime focus this morning is to speak as loudly and confidently as possible whilst actually spouting the most incoherent stream of shit conceivable.'
'Time for all of us to stand together, to face this Tory belligerence down'
Lol!Because of this sec A separatist, extremist were able to do this or else they would have never able to dominate. Moreover,why Dogra & kashmiri pandit are against sex A if it has nothing to do? Why only Muslims of Kashmir (or outsider Hindu communist) want to safeguard it?
whenever I said about modi ji bhakts be like (iss pappu koi pata batayega jisne ye amit wala trend start kiya?)
has million more paying subscribers than Music
I'd always get really confused when a Muslim substitute teacher would mispronounce my name in class. You really telling me your ass doesn't know how to say 'SaiF'??
This was eected of you because we know you and your party believes in HALALA !!
How patronising and typical of the little England mentality. Did you realise how stupid you make the UK look when you come out with this
Leave with no deal to reset the negotiations
Need to be cognizant that the Tory Poshboys are under severe pressure from English Nationalists. Can't take them fruitcakes for granted either.
Hmmm. I hope you aren’t one of the <£50k per annum lot.
can’t wait to see your salty tears flow when we leave the . You are a disgusting, vile, nasty and un-democratic just like your party.
No continued CU/SM after Oct st; honour the referendum result, or kiss goodbye to your premiership.
West Bengal: State Health Department bus carrying representatives of doctors scheduled to meet CM Mamata Banerjee in Nabanna, today.
Poor bhajji . . .
Today's open letter on 'intolerance' by intellectuals to Modi ji has heavy representation from the so called Bengali Bhadralok. Read my post to know more about the Bengali Bhadralok and how comical they are. And why you can only laugh at them.
One of my class mate was.... I didn't doubt on their loyalty... But i am against the basic consept & foreign involvement in their religion It is just to disgrace islam
I think she's right... Need to ban Sharia law which is the root of all evils in Islam like halala, multiple marriages, no control on child birth etc etc. Need to implement
Wise statement today about Northern Ireland by Boris Johnson. A revised Better Monday Agreement could replace Good Friday Agreement. Renegotiation with Ireland would keep peace. After Brexit, Ireland would have countries backing for back stop. Negotiation is the only solution.
On our way to El Paso
'sometime crocodiles comes to Indian parliament and shed tears in the name of Muslims' said Comrade Binoy Viswam while speaking on Triple Talaq Bill in Rajya Sabha
DANKE
hr and mins in, is the first candidate to mention the Muslim and refugee travel bans. 'We don't just tolerate and respect our differences, but we embrace them.'
Mahendra Singh Dhoni is very cool men
Started feeling suspicious when a muslim delivery boy brings food from zomato, after incident of Muslim terrorists trying to poison prasad.
May Allaha tala allows ur daughter to do time halala through different maulvis. At that time when your own daughter is crying for insaf & wants aazadi from multiple sex...then you will going to understand the pain of talaq peedit Muslim women Being an ex-muslim, may it happens
Sad watching the UK making a total arse of itself.
Dhoni captained -10 ICC Tournaments and Won . Virat has captained in only and reached Finals and Semis. Calm down.
When you sober up, this is gonna be really funny to read back. It's like you let predictive text lead the whole post.
Boris what happened to your public entrances? Not avoiding anything now are you?
No one leave their countries,friends and families on purpose to be a . being refugee is not optional. break your silence. Forgotten in Indonesia.
We’d have forgotten if it wasn’t for Torygraph Jim.. He always remember
: 'I met some brilliant police graduates with in Birmingham today. We're going to have ,000 more police in the next three years, stopping violent crime & keeping communities safe.' What else matters to you? Let Boris know -
British Muslim cleric tells boys they can have sex slaves Da1 …
year extension? Looking at his tl and theres no mention of that. A retweet hours ago that specifically mentions October st. Where did he say that?
Hindu-Muslim, India-Pakistan, same sex love story breaks all barriers. Internet is in love … via
Icc made a Fanciful cover and thE DRUMS CUT OUT WHAT THE FUCK
PM met Nicola Sturgeon in Edinburgh today. The PM said he was a passionate believer in the power of the Union and that he would work tirelessly to improve lives of people across Scotland.
Mamata's days are by one she is after intellectuals. First Doctors ,now Teachers next who ??
This fellow is worse than a stone pelter. He should immediately resign. Most Intolerant like his sister Mamata Banerji who has also gone mad.
It looks like a witchcraft version of the Ku Klux Klan. I find them deeply sinister.
Dr. Qanta Ahmed: Rep. Omar is a disgrace to Islam via YOU CAN SAY THAT AGAIN!
Trump Is Freaking Out And Worried Fox News Is Breaking Up With Him
Women's bible site:Will Islam take over Europe or will Muslims gradually integrate
BJP ‘collecting garbage’, says Mamata Banerjee on defecting TMC leaders via … Banerji is honest to say that TMC men are corrupt and they are like garbage.
lol your name 'somepeoplechantedsomething' some people chanted something, then it was condemned as racist, good. some people did something, then the rights of american muslims in general were attacked, bad
Hindu-Muslim, India-Pakistan, same sex love story breaks all barriers. Internet is in love …
In Boris Johnson’s first visit to NI as PM, he said he was acting with 'complete impartiality', a claim immediately dismissed by Sinn Fein as 'laughable', as reports from Belfast
Put garden city on next year please! Fuck ICC
I don't think Amit has said anything wrong everyone has their own choice &believe should respect all customer's in the same way as they did in this below case. Muslims want Halal chicken& halala wife so even Hindus can make their choice
WELCOME TO THE TH REICH.... POST BREXIT CONCENTRATION CAMPS WILL BE THERE TO HELP YOU ADJUST... MARK MY WORDS.
These days, people from other parties join BJP and suddenly attain eminent status.. What a sad state of affairs..
This is an extraordinarily compassionate, generous, and progressive decision by . While the rest of the world turns away refugees, Pakistan embraces them. I hope Imran Khan will eventually grant citizenship to all Afghan and Bengali refugees.
How ANYBODY at , ICC and any of the officials have a job after s4e5 is beyond me. Markiese King needs a lawyer. . No, , you don’t just get to document someone suffering repeated head trauma and bask in the ratings. Fuck each and every one of you
“It is absolutely right that the government does all it can to support our Armed Forces from the day they enlist and for the rest of their lives. Veterans have given so much to the UK and it would be a dereliction of duty not to harness their potential.' – PM
Johnson you liar. You don't give a flying one for the Irish
Manab Bandyopadhyay, Press Secretary to Governor of West Bengal, Keshari Nath Tripathi: Governor, today, wrote to West Bengal CM Mamata Banerjee advising her to take immediate steps to provide security to doctors, & quick investigation of the incidents of assault on doctors.
Calling a black man “the dumbest man on television” while proclaiming you’re not racist. This makes total sense coming from a “stable genius”.
The presence of mixed motivations in conversion does not negate true conversion; it merely reinforces that those who come to faith are human beings, flawed and fallen, and that God is at work waking the dead to life. Resist cynicism; love extravagantly.
Mary are you going to condemn the rape of children in Wexford last weekend or have you become so heartless that you just don't care?
Ngl people pitting refugees against homeless people in Ireland is a pretty sick and twisted world view. They’re both emergencies ya daft yokes, stop making people’s lives into a competition
During the , candidates address the rise in anti-Muslim hate crimes following the passage of the . For more context and information about the ban, see our guide.
So you’re going to bribe the DUP?
Why are you trying to destroy it with a disastrous no deal Brexit with no mandate.
Do you even know that in quran have sex with slave and war captive are halal and exception to adultery? MANY MUSLIM DONT KNOW THIS RULE AND I WILL LET YOU KNOW THIS RULE DO YOU THINK IT IS MORAL?
Maybe whilst there, you could have taken questions from journalists, rather than hiding & releasing propoganda bulletins. If you're a serious PM, you would allow some scrutiny without No.10 spin jockeys pumping out silly soundbites. Until then the nickname stays:
fuck the ucl bring me the ICC trophy!!!!
Really, sounds like youre inviting open hostilities again. Are you sure your up to this job? Don't want to be rude but you're just not very bright and have a persistent habit of telling lies too.
Unfortunate political devpt in India Dissolve all parties including INC. HDD, Sonia, Sharadjis, Mamata, Mayavati, Abhishek, Stalin, TRS, Jagmohan, Faruk& Chandrbabu take lead &save India.
Bye Bye you foolish app.. Now sell your shit to these halala chaaps only !
I think majority are just giving him the benefit of doubt let's see what he does and if we are out by oct
Dr. Qanta Ahmed: Rep. Omar is a disgrace to Islam via
Today in Scotland I toured a submarine at HMNB Clyde, and met some of the fantastic military personnel who do so much to keep us safe. The brave men and women who serve in our Armed Forces truly represent the pinnacle of British character.
Mamata Didi refused to meet Governor and others. Doctors refused to meet her. Doctor: Didi:
Unbelievable, So shameful so disgusting, so low so cheap , how you get all these things??? Unbelievable, yes we muslims are miserable about sex stuff etc. So cheap
So has a video out in which he lists points to understand the Doctors Strike (And he blames Parliament for not considering them, though health is a state subject). Not even of the points blames Mamata. But he does blame Ram Mandir.
You can either be Muslim, Christian, Jew OR Gay.
Only cases of tripple talaq have been filed. How many incidents of nikah halala happened?
THE ICC BETTER START ARRESTING US POLITICIANS. WHAT THE FUCK IS WRONG THAT US CAN COMMIT GENOCIDE AROUND THE FUCKING WORLD & YOU DO SFA! THEY'RE KILLING PPL ALL OVER THE GOD DAMNED WORLD! ICC SHOULD BE HELD ACCTABLE FOR IT!
Hey I wonder how you arseholes would have reacted if this were Mamata Banerjee threatening to throw striking doctors out of their job a month or so back
Sorry, call me paranoid, but this is NOT the behaviour of a sane person. This is scary as fuck

AC room me baithke keise pata chalta hei. Did he write to Mamata Banerjee for protesting against lynching of doctors in west Bengal ?
Has your Foreign Secretary managed to read it yet?
'कुछ' नही , बोहोत ज्यादा लोचा है..! कितना शर्मसाक है हिंदुस्थान में की भरी Debate में कोई 'जय श्री राम' एक पवित्र नारे को 'आतंकी' बोल देते है ,पर कुछ लोगो को तो इसमे कुछ आपत्ती नजर नही आती, दोगलापन । On Mamata Banerji Das Sen Gang जय श्री राम
How a small Turkish city successfully absorbed half a million migrants
Bro yhi dikkat h Agar koi hindu k liye bolta h toh aplog usay bjp may ya rss may jod dete ho... Mere nearby may sab mla k khilaf h nd khulke bolte b h .. even kashmir k case may b sab hindu ne grl ko support kiya but twinkle k case may sab shanti becoz tapish muslim ta
Prime Minister Boris Johnson has reaffirmed his pledge to employ ,000 new police officers in the next three years saying the UK needs 'strong and visible policing'. He said the government will 'find some money' for salaries and kit.
It’s strange; I’d got so used to tweeting comments about a fucking useless woman when responding to . I’ve now got to get used to tweeting about a fucking useless man. The only thing you attach huge importance to is yourself - fact.
How is wanting the backstop bullying? Also, the whole point of the backstop is because if you wait till no deal, it nullifies the Good Friday agreement. You do realise that the Backstop is not in the EUs interests as it undermines their custom union. Its there to protect Ireland
The monkey would be much more interesting in my opinion!
And yet you've thrown it under the proverbial bus.
Sometimes they try but end up looking even more stupid. It's all about finances. You cannot say no to more than % of the revenue.
Where is Mamata Banerji? Assembling ledears of political Leaders at Brigade Parade ground Kolkata, she did emphatically declared 'Modi has become an eiry date PM'. Would she elucidate something on this?
Here’s why the Republican Party is in danger of being aged out of existence
Man I still ain’t got mines
What a strong claim mam and without giving any reference of Quran or Hadith. With due respect mam the way u hv objectified a woman is a disgrace to rights given to a woman in Islam. U really need to reconstruct ur empire of knowledge. Best wishes...!!!
U stupid dr who else but Imran khan talk about in ICC conference with clear vision for the honour of last Messenger Prophet Mohammad (PBUH)
ICC retains in elite panel.. A World Cup was robbed on the back of umpiring errors. What’s the message ICC building here?
Next will you get your Halala done just to prove your point.
War - - Edwin Starr - via
Real Scenario: Muslims fakes Jai Shree Ram controversy AP Sen: But it was their Right to shout. InTolerance is increased . modi must resign Real Scenario : Muslim Mob Attackes Doctor. TMC goons attack Professor asking them to shout Mamata Beham Zindabad AP Sen : Consumed Fevicol
Used to take my parents to speakers corner for a fun day out. Now it's a national disgrace, soaked in diversity not diverse opinions. Islam is peace, or else.
This Photoshoot Of A Hindu-Muslim, Same Sex Couple Proves That Love Has No Boundaries …
if food doesn't have a religion then what is this?
Couldn't agree more. N.Ireland voted to remain.
Nearly enough to replace those you got rid of over the last years, when you've trained them (2 yrs), if brexit leaves you enough money to pay for it.
SRK is celebrating KKR's victory with Mamata didi & friends. WHERE THE FUCK ARE THE PLAYERS?
Someone need specific then what is problem why zomato not done its better not make issue talk to amit shukla and every Hindu is not stand on meet shop dear others user so don't write this word halal or chicken
West Bengal CM, Mamata Banerjee: I do not want to invoke Essential Services Maintenance (ESMA) Act in the state. I want the junior doctors to resume work as we have accepted all their demands.
Navika aunty bhi shock mein soch rahi hai yaar yeh toh humse bhi do kadam aagey hai pati patni
Electric cars with only % gst !! You can lick ass of Muslim!!
Muslims mate with any thing, it’s just sister brother sex. Pleasure is pleasure.
Omar is a disgrace to Islam.
What the entire fuck? Who is this person?
BBC News - Waltham Forest Pride: Police probe 'homophobic abuse' video … She is a disgrace to Islam
And may God bless you with a Muslim doctor when you are at your weakest and most dependent on a doctor..! So that you REALISE your nonsense at least at the time of ur death.. if not before..!
For once I agree with you and support you.....but desperate times require a brave response, go fight for peace and the GFA in Westminster
But PC is busy ordering food from Zomato
Shame Shame , Mamata banerji. Aparna Sen & its puppets, where are you ?
I don't know why it's called 'The Great Hack', because it isn't about a hack at all. But it's on Netflix and it reveals the very scary, very dirty and seedy underbelly of the situation that the UK and US are in now.
We are excited to welcome students from this weekend to learn about the work we do and learn ways to support the refugee community.
Mamata Banerjee totally lost Plot in dealing with the Doctors. Immediate action could have prevented crisis. But BJP and Bhakts should refrain from commenting on Mamata’s Statements. In similar situation, BJP MOS wanted protesting doctors to become Naxals so that they can be shot
Let this sink in.. please repost …
TM taught us to include the year. by Oct .
It is easier to live with pain and sorrow rather than living with disgrace......
k crowd capacity shd be the minimum standard these days if you compare with othr countries in d world.
Sudhir Run a dna on population control All problems solved, can you convince UP Hindus n Muslims to cut back on unprotected sex n population control
You get one for his front, I'll buy one for his back.
The myth that Mamata Banerji's meteoric rise is based on
Hundreds of forgotten gathering infront of office in since few days ago And ask to break it's silence and take a serious action about thire resettlement.
And of course the first reply to that tweet from ICC is about India. Just fuck off.
You always have a positive message, Boris; a breath of fresh air
Totally on Mamata Banerjee's side now fuck em
million girls are killed in womb by your way of life. More than % way of life don’t have potty training. Devdasi pratha is still sacred in your way of life. Halala has no place in islam but Your way of life is looking at it with so much hope and lust is amazing
Boris Johnson promises to make Britain ‘greatest country on earth’ as he... via The Sovereignty of Nation States defies UN collectivization of the planet. Individuals are not ready to be transferred to a Gulag, Canada included.
When the ISIS tore across Iraq in , it shot and beheaded Yazidis in the thousands. But women were reserved for a separate fate. Instead of death, they were given as sex slaves to the fighters, then abused and traded like chattel. wrong Muslim faith, so Obama didn't help them
Sure this has nothing to do with Boris wanting to prorogue parliament, it would be to his advantage to get the Executive in Northern Ireland up and running ASAP
Lady General O-Dyre (डायर), Ms. Mamata beneraji Bano, rules West Bengal with a Secular &Constitutional(traitor methodology) method. Bloodshed is a Sign of Good Governance. Fuck off Hindu & Press.... Hey.. Hallo Opposition .....
Le coach d'ICC ta un fuck tout les trois mots, il insulte ses linemen de gros sacs, je pense que je lui dis d'aller se faire enculer au bout de deux jours
Yes. Please take your places in Westminster and do something constructive. Rhetoric isn't useful.
Mamata & Naidu Ye dono Election k pahle zarurat se jayda uchal rahe the Election k baad ED-CBI Dono ko Olympic Long Jump karwa Rahi hai
Wow u jumped in as joker...do u think u can dictate things. If u want to be real secular then stop writing Halala on food and then say 'food has no religion'.. Don't push ur world view on all of us
National Cathedral Leaders Humiliate Trump By Condemning His Racism
your prime focus should be dumping Arlene foster and imposing equality in northern ireland
I'm also part indian and I for one would rather just end islam so nobody needs to be a slave. I'm never happy when evil is brought upon mankind. Unlike you. Which is why I bait and make fun of you and people like you. You're a disgrace to humanity if you're happy for enslavement
'world test championship' involving teams. For fucks sakes ICC get your shit together. We will never grow this game to a truly global level at this rate.
Secularism khatre me hai India is Hindu rashtra. Secularism is illegal
F cking hell lad, you've got no chance in Westminster and you want to pitch in elsewhere? GE, let the remainers take over.
Wasn’t a hoax. You’re going down. Either by impeachment and removal from office or on January , .
I suspect she omitted to say the obvious, namely that she of course is facilitating this situation.
Fake Amit Shukla..its great PR tactics to save thier ass from earlier scandel..funny how easily they can fool people..Zomaro wants to become hero by picking up this hindu muslim topic..
Derek NoBrain’s aukat? Let us see, he cannot win an election in WB, he can only suck up to Mamata Banerji and sound smart, Mamata falls for it because of her weakness in English, but now there is Mahua. Derek is a nobody and my prediction is he will fade out sooner than later
It said “to vote “, but Trump is running for President, “to run”, not “to vote”. All elected candidates disclosed their years tax returns, why makes Trump a difference? If Trump has nothing to hide, presented them to his citizens to clear himself.
तब - ाबनर्जी का घुसपैठिए पर ार , अब - ुष्टिकरण_वोटबैंक के लिए घुसपैठिए से ्यार... ोगलेपन की सारी हदें पर हो गई हैं या अभी और बाकी है
Pork to Muslims is same as non veg to vegetarians bro.. Choice of food as per its type nd choice of delevery person as per his race caste religion sex are two different domain of classification. Former one is a catagory while the later one is a discrimination.
I didn't realise it had ever broken down (or was ever allowed to operate fully in the first place because of British Government oppression).
at the National Policing Board says his pledge to recruit ,000 police officers over the next three years is an “absolute priority” and says he “backs our police all the way” and will “give them the resources and the confidence they need to get the job done”.
Do u even know what is halala or just keeping blabbering..it is already forbidden in islam.
Agree with your latter points completely, but I don't think he likes negative attention, too much of an egotist.
Bc pura ek sentence angreji mai. Kya bat.
Boris has more pressure on him than May ever did. After years of patience and watching we are not prepared to wait any longer. It really is “do or die” and needs to be ready to strike.
Bhaiya ji! This law is against Instant Triple talak not against proper Talak (divorce). Stop spreading fake news. Instant triple talak is haram in Islam as well. Usually, women go through Halala bcz of instant talak. Is that not emotional, physical abuse?Men will be careful now.
Muslim men have best going them- legal wives, wife beating, no need to treat women equally, sex slaves, appeasement from government, no fear of law (mob strength)- why wud Muslim men convert (unless they want to be decent human beings believing in equality & justice for all)
Food has no religion unless it is . .
Mamata has timed it right. Now load is on to deliver promise made . KGB & Mi6 won't fuck all anymore now.
That's the only thing labour knows after just about bankrupted the country
His conflicting orders aren’t even deliberate, he’s just stupid and frightened that his authority isn’t absolute. No one like that should have a badge
Diyar Mamata, Mulayam, et all, fuck BJP, can ya'll bring the govt down? How much to ee, investigate prosecute own govt?
From bowling for England to bowling against England ....International cricket is really not different to club sport without the “foreigner” restrictions .You play U19 for Eng then go play Senior team for Aus what the actual fuck ! sort this out !
absolutely no doubt. MS Dhoni
For : Aminata Love Injected
धोनी के ये बेस्ट रिकॉर्ड, जिन्हें शायद ही कोई क्रिकेटर तोड़ पाए
you idiots don't see when kawariyas are attacked while passing through masjid, when they refuse to complete ride and stopped in between for namaz, when gsurakshak are killed by peaceful, are real hate mongers and real communal bigot.
English aati hai beta, to isko padho !
I used to live with a Sri Lankan Sinhala .....know lots of stuff Muslims Like sex slaves ....arabs come to SL use Paki/SL/Maldives women as sex slaves ... There are lot of pakis/arabs in SL. Sri Lanka is different .. .India is different...
England Women’s /5 after overs Australia /0 after overs who will win
“I met some brilliant police graduates with in Birmingham today. We’re going to have ,000 more police in the next three years, stopping violent crime and keeping communities safe.” – PM
Wash. Post 'He grabbed my hand so I could feel his erection' 'He wants to take my clothes off and have sex ... I realize, he’s ejaculating.” -- ,Ch9(Future) ? (WWW?)
I just can’t with this job sometimes.
No, I'm a realist. The only way they can do anything to stop this is to do what they were elected to do. Hold the nose and get on with it.
Dr. Qanta Ahmed: Rep. Omar is a disgrace to Islam |
When will our Administration make repealing the an immigration policy priority?
Hindu-Muslim same-sex couple break new ground; pictures go viral. Same sex Couples have to come forward like these to show their support to same sex marriage.
WATCH LIVE: PM addresses as Prime Minister for the first time
Live Cricket Steaming app … Will richness of Jason Roy’s promise be compromised by England’s reckless approach?
And your country of England that is overrun with muslims taking over your whole country and the child sex trafficking and the police arresting citizens and letting the rape squads go free, yeah we're the idiots.
& : Leonard Cohen Hallelujah Song For
musalman pura pagla gaye hain.....waise bhi munafiq hi hote hain shameful and heart breaking.....no probs in muslim jewish or muslim alien same sex marriage.....but sensible self-respecting musalmans shouldn't have hindu friends let alone spouses......
NO I do not back that pledge.
TOLD YA SO! Despite widespread accusations of 'Islamophobia' for his anti-burqa related remarks, as mayor of London, Boris Johnson bent over backwards to pander to Muslims … via
Beta Whatsapp message par itna bharosa mat Karo ... Aisa kanji nahi kaha tha...
Unfortunately it won’t happen, the two sides hate each other but like remainers and brexiteers.
I don't support , nor am I a member of the party. But I am so disgusted by Corbyn's position on that I am cutting up my membership card.
Hmmm, president underpants must have slept in today.
The least of these my brethren.
Brexit warning: Boris Johnson under threat as ERG vow to vote against his deal
What the fuck is she smoking RT : West Bengal's industrial growth is double the Centre's GDP: Mamata Banerjee.
Prediction: doesn’t (can’t) deliver an orderly and we see the beginning of a global in .
Some news channels r fast loosing their credibility ...
For : Led Zeppelin Stairway to Heaven
DOJ investigating Zinke's use of personal email, inspector tells lawmakers
Yes do share issues for awarness and education In name of freedom same sex is legal in most western countries But any things are many time better then muslim world
I wouldn't bother mate - guy clearly has an agenda. Finds no issue with being a huge and open racist yet this offends him? Logic is clearly not in abundance here
During note-ban Mamata Banerji made vociferous protest for death of people but here in Kolkata after days doctors' strike because of her arrgancy and sky touching ego people died but no repentant from her part nor from TMC party..
There is no place for halala in islam. Allah wii give curse to those who do nikah halala.
This is not threats this is fun..!! Bengal main rahana hai To Jai Mamata Bolna hai We're living in TMC Talibaan Ruling state , Thanks Didi
Detroit mayor tells truth. Trump hasn t been back since elected ( stealing the election with help from Russia ) .. big mouth trump has not followed thru on much , though we wants credit for all.
Good economy my ass! One of our Lowes this morning eliminated departments and fired people without notice. One was there years.
And what does He say about the idiots who support someone who fits this description?
This put on the plate as a reminder of & in flight from war and persecution. ⁦⁩ ⁦⁩ ⁦⁩ ⁦⁩ ⁦⁩ ⁦⁦⁩
Seems the only doctor who can treat Mamata Banerjee in present situation...
Hey Boris... Have the crooks at Common Purpose got to you yet?
Chudayi ke alawa bhi cheez hai. Jab dekhi fuck fuck karti reh
Then your party needs to do what it was elected to Westminster for and vote! Fuck principle somethings are more important than sitting on top of your poxxy high horse!
and tomorrow you will have forgotten all about this as you pivot to whoever you are talking to next. I guess for NI you will go for direct rule. Remember when you said this?
,000 extra police over the next three years Greater powers of stop and search Stopping the rise in violent crime …
You stand by Zomato because it was a Hindu-related case. Let us see you stand by them when a Muslim will have some problem with them.
You can make a difference in the lives of women on the run. Join our team of passionate volunteers and help equip women with the skills and confidence they need to start a new life in Europe:
Doctor lynched to death by muslims recorded on camera, Mamata Banerji clinging to C.M.chair shamelessly.
dear dr aishwarya i would like to rectify you religion is a great philoshopy which teaches a person way to live your life...... muslim is not a religion its just something scribled in a book by some egoistic sex addict maniac in a book so called as quran
Dr. Qanta Ahmed: Rep. Omar is a disgrace to Islam - YouTube
Mamata has create situation in Bengal where doctors are attacked & killed by Rohingyas & illegal immigrants from Bangladesh. If center does not stop this in Bengal it will become another Kashmir. Arey tum pagal ho gaye. Regards, Sanghi
Pennsylvania Republicans under fire for putting minority congresswomen’s faces on dartboard at county fair
I can’t stress how much I hate these liberal Muslims that bend over backwards for these cunts and these Uncle Tom ass middle eastern / south Asian /Asian / african peoples who sell out like this
Former Vice President of Aligarh Muslim University Students' Union (AMUSU) Hamza Sufiyan rusticated for years for allegedly storming office of the Vice Chancellor with armed outsiders and debarred students.
HEH: In Week , Boris Johnson Turns His Pursuit Of Brexit Into ‘Game Of Thrones.’ It started … …
why don't people ever talk about the million whites who were forcefully enslaved by the African Muslims and turned into galley/sex slaves. much worse fate than being a plantation slave.
We’re so thrilled to say that our tour of will be supported by funding! Next week we’re heading to and as part of with tix starting at £PWYD to £5!
Parliament passed triple talaq bill, dhinchak pooja released her new songs, twitter is busy with BODMAS and Zomato, CCD founder died, Unnao case took an ugly turn. It's been a really harsh week. huhhh!
What r Muslims in India doing on ? Their lack of knowledge about Islam clearly eed. Is there none who can elain talaq procedure in Islam frm Qur'aan n Sunah at court/parliament?. Islam never encourage triple talaq. It's a disgrace permission like begging.
Delivering a letter signed by to
You know we Sri lankans are biggest cheaters and chuckers.. we cant raise a finger on anyone. We lankans need to get the fuck off and lick India's feet
Okay to ask PM, but If they also wrote to Mamata Banerji too, then viral that letter also. Why only PM's? And Anurag Kashyap's toilet has flush problem, he writes on twitter to PM. His electricity is gone,he writes to PM. IS THIS DEMOCRACY? You Judge whats right & whats wrong.
in action in Indian occupied Kashmir.
'send non Muslim delivery boy' is violative of Article : Constitution of India. Note: Article of the constitution states that no person shall be discriminated on the basis of religion, race, caste, sex or place of birth.
My friend: The GOP is now the party of rape, racism, misogyny and xenophobia - unless of course Russia is involved. MAGATS just don't get it. The GOP is DEAD.
Islam teaches us to live by the law of the lands. What she did was a disgrace. Nowhere in islam does it say she has to dress the way she does and many muslim countries forbid it but this country allows it because it's democratic. Sadly her actions have given Muslims a bad image.
Honored to join H.E Ambassador McCarter on a highly important mission to , having very useful discussions with partners on solutions and hearing from their stories and views . It was great. With many thanks!
Ted Cruz Leads GOP Senate Demand For More Tax Cuts For Billionaires
Hes not my fucking boy. But you know Ive never thought of that before. I % agree anyone who defends or deflects Trumps awful behavior *IS* a fuckwad. Wow. So profound brother.
“To every Arab and Arab American girl, I see you. You are worthy. Keep shining.” Powerful story & my hope is every teacher will read this to their class. I loved every bit of this book.
Racist everywhere – at Ayres Suites Ontario Mills Mall
Welcome to BJP Let's strengthen BJP to win again in with seats and to make new India under the leadership of honest modiji
‘Monkeys wearing shoes’: Shocking new tape reveals racist exchange between Nin and Reagan
Food has no religion unless it is . .
Germany/Belgium/Bosnia Herzegovina: hands over a national to in connection with the …
A writer who was considered a bad influence on youth during her lifetime is celebrated as an iconoclast today.
What the fuck is going on here !! Bunch of fuckwits controlling cricket. , are oppressing the game we love so much! That is out every day of the fucking week.....'Top-of-off' they used to teach us. MURTAGH is a Monster with the Dukes.
You want to boycott Israel? The only human rights violations occur in your Palestine and Muslim countries. I implore you to go to Palestine with the mouth you have, you would not last. True Muslims would rightfully discipline you. You and Omar disgrace Islam
Go for a *NI only* backstop which majority in NI support, then u can deliver brexit, avoid no deal, and no ties for GB. You secure your position and Tories get reelected. Cross party support for a *NI only* backstop possible to avoid no deal.
Oh come off it, do you actually think the give two s about Ireland you are deluded its their biggest weapon, and if they refuse to negotiate, Oh well we are not responsible for their decisions, and they have to be responsible for the impact on Ireland!!
So logically you have no problem with the back stop in that case
Free Sex Right to Muslim Women with Bachelors
Where were u when indian Muslim celebrate Pakistan victory against India. Why were u silent on mamata banerji
There was no Muslim in my class from school till the end of uni. At work, there were many Muslim guys, few of them even used to drink. Finally found one hijabi colleague (our teams were different still yay) but she resigned soon for marriage. So anybody wants to be my friend?
It’s simple : majority of people in UK today don’t want - and %age objecting more likely to increase than decrease. have painted themselves in ideological corner and taking country down economic dead-end.
Fuck the pretentious fake climate conscious people who have joined the bangwagon because it’s the cool thing to do. Willing to bet none of them use electric cars, don’t bother recycling and still use plastic. I have. Very easy to come on twitter and tweet something cool. Fuck you
We're going to Jahannam for despising a country that is a disgrace to Islam
Another hand out to the wealthy!
That is why Islam makes it compulsory fir women to get education ( both religious nd wordly) why should thst women agree to do halala to get back to man who didn't respect her
It not like that chanting Allah by Muslim man will make chicken more pure or not doing so make it unpure or by touching food by Muslim guy will make food non pure .But these are religious beliefs n if u respect one religion believes u should also respects others.
Even if everybody was, certainly millions and millions of people aren’t calling a single person a racist.
Well done on finding a quiet corner without any booing
Just think what could be done with that cash here!
Boris Johnson Elected New PM for the UK, - YouTube Obama was a quisling, and Islam apologist, a cultural Marxist. Hope Palmer is a disgrace to the presidency of the United States
has created a new Office for Veterans' Affairs to provide lifelong support to military personnel. Headed up by Oliver Dowden and , it will deliver the care our veterans deserve - from mental and physical health to education & employment.
. Moderators ask about the & cap on refugees (a cap that may be slashed to in ). The nd debate takes place in Detroit, Michigan – a city & state home to one of the largest U.S. Muslim populations.
Boris Johnson. 'Ireland! Ireland!' 'I thought you said we were going to Iceland, I wanted to get a couple of frozen pizzas and a chicken tikka'
Prime Minister met Mark Drakeford in Cardiff today. The PM spoke about working with the Welsh Government and other Devolved Administrations, to make sure communities across the UK are ready to maximise the opportunities that Brexit will bring.
'I AM THE LEAST RACIST PERSON IN THE WORLD' Why the quotation marks????
ACTUAL HITLAR IS MAMTA BANERJI IN WEST BENGAL...TOTALLY ANTI HINDU AND PRO MUSLIM...MULLI
that “mamata ra kog early ugma kay pa man ang exam” mindset will fuck me up big timeee
Nah - you're a disgrace to the real America. Also - women can't be an Imammy. America will destroy Islam - slowly but surely or at least we can hope. May allah take you home early to live with all the islamic bs about their 'heaven' lol
via : Muslim Terrorists Vow New Attacks on the West, Homicide Bombers in New York, Burning Palace of Westminster in London
'Manchester has shown the UK that anything is possible and time and again this extraordinary country has actually delivered the same message to the world. And that is what we are going to do once more.' - PM
“Q”: How do you plan out for the widespread activation of sleeper cells and disaffected Muslim youth (both sexes) of military age into performing terrorist attacks the breadth & width of the country? has the answer, but no one will like it.
Go on then? All sorted is it?
Poor New Zealand . . .
Shazia is the person I’m thinking of right now. She already lives under massive threat because of her stance on Islam, and now this from the Tommy team. An absolute disgrace. What is that chant they like to bellow out at marches ?“ shame on you”.... .......if the cap fits.
I luv to shop at & can't wait to chug morning coffee from my latest purchase, a mug! The made in America, cool swag, wearing apparel, mugs, lighters, bumper stickers & even poo bags are awesome!! Thank you Claude for all you do!
Go back to England you miserable excuse for a human
The truth is wants to keep the UK in the SM and CU, all the bluster of Leaving on the st October will be with a year extension, same old WA, “Brexit means Brexit” lies, only one man can deliver Brexit
Hey Liz, do you normally put up a flag in your office of the country you’re about to call? Or are you in Australia, in which case, why are you on the phone, and not meeting in person. Asking for a friend.
Good on “...the thing you <GOP loads> will be remembered for is whether in this moment, with this president, you found the courage to stand up to him or you continued to put party over country.”
Has Mamata Banerjee wished the doctor fraternity today? is inspired by Dr Bidhan Chandra Roy, Bharat Ratna and second CM of Bengal. Ironically, West Bengal now has a CM who thinks it is ok for doctors to die in the line of duty because it suits her communal politics!
This article of mine is a tribute to the courage and values shown by this company and its founder May this usher in a new era of sensibility and sanity. Thank you …
जानिए आखिर क्यों इकट्ठा करते हैं एम.एस धोनी स्टंप
The Interim Committee should show those insubordinate, overpaid, underperforming and inefficient yahoos who is boss. Their employment is governed by the laws of Zimbabwe not by the ICC. Now that the only people who were a concern have become too stupid to help. Burn and rebuild
You have to leave No Deal on the table to make them realise that you want a better deal apparently.
Twitter Suspends Conspiracy Account After Trump Retweet
Leave and then deal - in situations like this, any successful negotiator will tell you that. The EU will not agree to any deal that does not suit them best and the people of the UK will not accept being bullied either, so...
We spelt out the realities to Boris Johnson. Bluster & bravado can't mask the utterly destructive Brexit route he is taking. He is on course to upend our peace & prosperity with his eyes wide open. Time for all of us to stand together, to face this Tory belligerence down
Also dont boycott halala. Ask how much fun it is.
Well at least Boris Johnson will get the legacy he deserves, The LAST Prime Minister of the United Kingdom who broke up the Union
Great Historic Step In Gender Inquality & Injustice Where Muslim Men Get Favoured Naturally & Women Are Till Date Eloited Sexually By Primitive Laws In Islam ie. By GIL
Why would Spain stop selling us tomatoes after ?
Ireland prove that england never won the worldcup just iCC gave them favour fuck icc pigs
“Saving Bengal from Mamata”: political violence, ponzi scheme corruption & the doctors’ strike have alienated voters in both urban & rural West Bengal. A reckoning awaits ⁦⁩. My column
Proud to stand with Georgians who have immigrated or resettled here!
If circa people landing on Britain’s shores qualifies as a then I can’t wait for the headlines after the th March....
Mr Johnson Don’t forget about us across the Pond . PM Modi is looking forward to working with you . Brexit will bring a new era of Deep cooperation between India and Great Britain.
I think he eected crowds of Tories to come out to support him. He has that same needy problem that Trump has.
Muslim his wife Talaq-Talaq-Talaq,wife chats back Modi-Modi Modi.This is a Victory Fair sex.India rejoices today as da Triple Talaq Bill Passed Jai Hind
Democracy is a bitter pill. Only people who could upend peace are terrorists, you may know some.. disgusting scaremongering. 'Bluster and bravado' is a perfect description for Sinn Fein who are loyal European Unionists and champions of the EU Commonwealth.
Infosys, the Indian outsourcing firm with more H-1Bs (58,000 between and ) than anyone else, has now spread its influence to the United Kingdom. PM Boris Johnson has nominated Rishi Sunak, the son-in-law of Infosys' leader, as Treasury Secretary.
So as you can clearly see above deals were very much mentioned and there is no evidence to support your claim.
YOU CUNTS HAVE HAD YEARS TO SORT THIS OUT... FUCKING YEARS... PARTY OF BUSINESS???????? YOU ARE A GLOBAL LAUGHING STOCK.. FUCKING YEARS TO DO A DEAL YOU DINT UNDERSTAND.... FUCKING USELESS TORIES.... THICK AS MINCE.
“As we prepare for our bright future after Brexit, it’s vital we renew the ties binding our United Kingdom. Important projects like Growth Deals – today backed with £300m new funding – will open up opportunities across our Union.” - PM
At first Mamata Didi threatened BJP workers Later she threatened the Doctors who were attacked by 'Dara Hua' youths Now she has arrested Primary teachers * Their mistake was that they demanded salary hike Hence proved that LEGAL things are not permitted in Didi's Bengal
“I salute the work of our Armed Services. 'And that’s one of the reasons we’re today announcing a new Office for Veterans’ Affairs, to look after people who serve our country.” – PM in Scotland.
To saale tu ye baata most of the time muslim ki kyon paaye jaate hai bacho ka rape karte huwe...ladai jagda karte huwe...saalo unko sikshit karo...ye madarsa me padke eaae hi banayenge jahan inko janwar say sex karna or mare huwe insan say sex karna sikanyenge
'Republican Jesus' He's not like the real Jesus, this guy only cares about rich, white people. … GET % OFF EVERYTHING!!!
Mamata Banerjee must order the arrest of Muslim men who barged into the hospital and almost killed the resident medical intern(s) and apologise to the protesting doctors for her insensitivity...
Talking utter bollocks again you halitotic lump of lard
The F in LMFAO stands for 'Fuck you Mamata Banerjee'.
“My job as Prime Minister is to make our streets safer. Last week I promised ,000 extra police officers, and that recruitment will now start in earnest.” - PM
They have sold their themselves and their SOUL. FOR JUST MATERIALS.
He lied to us ,he’s talking about staying in the SM and CU after October that is not leaving, learn from Mays methods and don’t get fooled again, we need to support TBP to hold him to his word.
Lol...anyways..MUSLIMS invented flying donkey, flat earth, sex with goats, donkeys and minors girls. We definately wont be doing that. No one else would do it.
Is there one Black person shocked about this “revelation”
If you have such high moral grounds than start returning money to customers who are not happy with their orders with
This is bs! Reach out to the people who don't vote but can! The American voter is more than just white voters. They're POC and migrants and folks who want to see a fair sake in this corrupt system.
Of course you do; get working and you won’t be bound by ’s sensible motion to force you back to with its democratic oversight of your machinations. Every single thing you do and say is low, deceitful and Machiavellian.
These lists of banned substances have been around forever. Stupid boy.
… Please come along. years too many.
Stories like this one of families separated by administration policies must be met with action. …
Scottish Conservative leader welcomed Prime Minister to the Scottish Parliament earlier today.
How many Muslim retweeted your post or atleast liked it... Self proclamations is little harmful. But then u being who you are.. I shall rest my case..
Condescending icc but cause wanna right yuh ain’t to feel no way ohh FUCK OFFF .
Trump Continues to Harbor the Illusion That Black People Love Him
Majority of these are fake news. 'Muslim ban' was countries where terrorist were operating. 'Mexicans are rapists' was referring to the smugglers. Even Huffpost said % women and children are raped crossing the border.
WATCH LIVE: PM talks about his vision to rebalance power, growth and productivity across the UK
Hindu(India) Muslim(Pakistan), same sex love story.... of different level …
. . .
Ball Pen Painting of MS Dhoni by me
Ma'm It Is PRASHANT KISHORE EFFECT. To Revamp Image of Mamata Banerji.& Fool Indians for his Personal Gains
We should not let beautiful people get lost in bureaucracy.
Pig really having 'fun' with standards, because of course. I've seen Indians lately argue that it's okay if cricket becomes IPL only, and if anyone eects the ICC will open up the game, they're stupid. What a sorry bunch of people.
For : Bee Gees I Started A Joke |
Young Eritreans are risking death to migrate. Here's why
These can include a desire to please parents, a hope to obtain refugee status, the chance to befriend a Westerner, the longing for community, the desire for a spouse or job, and so on.
He clearly stated he does not want any Muslim delivery person. Paranoid ass racist idiot Shukla.
Is this really so difficult for you to understand, or are you being disingenuous?
If you attached such a huge importance to it you wouldn't be fucking around with the backstop like you are. Bellend.
Less bin&same sex marriage not ethics recycle of nature epic in democracy.less ss bin vot bank more judged us.We make begur them in society&UNESCO.Bcs they are not born new purely soul of light. It's death mother purely soul of light and inner emotion of nature love ethic.
HEY !! Is this true below? Is it you
I hold out no hope of you doing anything productive, except for your rich mates.
You being a woman have such thoughts for something that makes muslim women empowered, I pity you nd feel sorry for you. SC declaring it illegal didn't stop the practice but now the law will ensure muslim women don't suffer same plight as before.
When you're in battle, cowards & the compromised will undoubtedly show themselves. When they do, believe them. Cowardice gets people hurt & killed Our struggles & freedom are connected
Problem is this triple Talaq bill is not removing suffering wife from Husband, it is forcefully attaching her .. Go thru the points of triple Talaq to understand it better .. Instant Triple Talaq and Halala are crimes in Islam ..
Unusual times call for unusual acts. It's time seven empty seats in Westminister were sat in.
“Time for all of us to stand together, to face this Tory belligerence down”. In that case, take ur WM seats or don’t stand. Tweets & press confs are NOT representation. I lived thru the Troubles so I know this is sensitive but for God’s sake remember the past but move forward.
U dnt worry wt she has to say u just stick to wt u do living in London and trying to make a point here! U r living in a society where husband n wife just have a relationship by a paper but wt she is trying to educate wt true Islam means this is not a disgrace to any woman
Told u to tell em to calm down amongst the ppls
So there’s another white racist President? How many Republicans will proudly refer to themselves as “Reagan Republicans” now?Reagan's Racist call with Nin Found
You’re going to trigger the independence of Scotland. You’re going to cause a rekindling of the Northern Ireland troubles. Ultimately Northern Ireland will also split from England. You better think about a new national flag.
Why serving halala to Muslims is not having religion??? Why are you so hell bent in proving that you are not islamophobic but a big hinduphobic? Why after temple terrorism by these Muslims you eect Hindus to trust them? Why on earth you didn’t refund his money? Don’t preach pl
We’ve also achieved the highest debt in history, become a laughing stock among our allies, and discovered more corrupt members of the trump administration and associates than any other time in history. and
Now doubt women is not a sex object “ pagans” used treat someday object . Islam gave women all rights and all guidelines how to act with her husband. Now read Quran as Muslim and then talk . Don’t give us these pagans lectures
Or Tory strengthening and no need for Arlene and bored in Irish Sea and move on , he will dump DUP if he can and problem sorted
NOW ALL know ISLAM allows to keep FEMALE HUMAN SLAVES even usable for SEX Recently ISIS started ISLAMIC MARKETS for SELL&BUY FEMALE SLAVES too So NORMAL NON MUSLIM FEMALES wouldn't try to MARRY MUSLIM MEN as they may be SOLD for PROFIT as SLAVE ISIS AGENTS made many such deals!!
Yes it is true and she's also a bigamist. She married the nd b4 divorcing her st. But her excuse is that her st marriage was according to Muslim beliefs.
If you really care what people think & you believe the majority of people would back this reckless non-plan, then why not put it to the people with a , instead of using meaningless twitter pledges to mine data? Or would that be too democratic for ?
Why the fuck Michael Gough ??
I am not a fan of but I would give my left nut to see Mamata smack the fuck out of Feku.
The right of the poor (Muslim and non Muslim) from the rich (Muslim and non Muslim) … Happy Birthday Stay Kathryn and Alden
I see what you mean. It's like in Russian Roulette, you have the 'opportunity' to blow your brains out.
You have faffed enough, job done, now go home.
Amit can chose delivery guy...but what we are saying is pls dont use petrol. Its from muslim country. These people ready to lick ass but not foot
You’re the shit Fuck ICC they ain’t shit without you
India at it’s worst phase.... aaj hindu muslim horaha hai kal ST SC HOGA Ffir general obc chalega .... indeed we steeped into a new india. Whatever you guys did was n % correct .
Appeasement charge: Muslims urge Mamata to punish those guilty of attacking doctors, accosting model
Not really. Consider a choice between no deal or a deal but with a *NI Only* backstop. Which would parliament vote for?
If Mamata Banerji is correct, BJP/RSS has mobilised goons from Bihar and UP in West Bengal who, with a handful of Bengalis, are creating this mischief. This is their modus operandi to make inroads into a secular state.
Master of Deception
In case you missed this! You're uniting the country alright Ireland
Fuck a language to communicate lets just use memes
I think it's due to folk not understanding the history or even knowing N.I.
Don't cry over beached up baby. His dad's sure to have fathered two dozen more from four wives. Don't fall for victim card
Dan uwarki Use Google translate kinji Islam is the best Whoever follow our islam will escape If u reject or abuse us will end up at place of disgrace humiliation and misery
The first would cripple the economy. The rd one is a joke concocted by an idiot bartender. There's no 'Muslim Ban'. If there was, your lying ass never wouldn't be here. If you do , I want reparations because I paid mine. - the Wall
We in this Government will work flat out to give this country the leadership it deserves. That work begins now
Ahh and if we call out islam were racist xenophobic and islamophobic, these are the homophobics you fight so much for I'm sorry but this is a disgrace openly being homophobic nothing done try and identify that face!!! Oh wait good luck!!
This Photoshoot Of A Hindu-Muslim, Same Sex Couple Proves That Love Has No Boundaries …
??? ! !
Love Is Love: This Dreamy Photoshoot Of Same Sex Hindu-Muslim Couple Goes Viral …
Funny, in all your years in politics, you've never mentioned it.
Administration spurns court order to stop separating families — ACLU files suit
How is it sad? Iran are only abiding by Islamic law. You as a Muslim should know this. We dont want our women to be like non Muslim women. If you allow them to them to walk without their headscarves they'll soon dress in skirts, have sex outside of marriage, drink alcohol
Ye Shukla ko Muslim lady chalegi for harrasing but delivery boy hindu chaiye. I am hindu and sincerely feel that shukla needs ass whooping
Why the fuck does an Australian cares, which team India plays or not plays ?
The former Administration kissed Muslim Ass this one kisses Zionist Ass! No winning us....

Repost justmary97 . Lights out boys . …
At least he is not bound by cabinet collective responsibility so he can comment freely. But we’ll let him have a holiday first!
Got to give it to fox though, they know thier target demographic: Stupid!
It would be a first wouldn’t it
'We will play for free', senior Zimbabwe cricketer eresses desperation in a bid to compete in ICC World T20 Qualifiers- Firstcricket News, Firstpost
Trump tried to defend Mitch McConnell after he was called a ‘Russian asset’ — and it went hilariously wrong
Islam is really great For COOKED FLASH they need 'Halal' For FRESH FLASH 'HALALA'
Kejriwal is like that mosquito who just irritates fuck out of you but at large little chances of being dangerous. Mamata is rattlesnake. Pure venom.
notification from MHA and Mamata Banerjee becomes a kind lady, agrees to accept doctor's demands
Yeah, even Muslims don’t eat other than halal but loves to sex with Hindu women, here no halal
CHAMPIONS! Sri Lanka beat Bangladesh to seal -0 ODI series whitewash yesterday! Kanishka Perera .
Warren and Sanders are pretty cool, true. But have you met these cats????
Bhakts are busy in giving Bad Rating to Zomato on Playstore
Twitter supports white supremacy, and when you speak against it you wind up breaking the rules for 'harassing' a bunch of assholes. Ridiculous. But as long as Adolf Cheeto and his racist pals spout nonsense on this (kinda shitty) platform, I must add my voice.
Does that include reneging on your commitment to leave on st October ?
La la la lala la la la lala
I think Mamata Banerji should allow these people to Chant whatever they want on the road . Let's see for how many how many weeks they can continue this.
This is my Australia.
One more thing in the Same Mamata Banerjee was opposing These infiltrators, now the ° Mamata Banerjee appeasing them as Vote Bank Same thing will happen with BJP too..!! Amit Shah ki Police Mandir tutane se bacha nahi pai Mandir banayegi
BECAUSE THE USA GOT INVOLVED IN EL SALVADOR NOT 'MUSLIM COUNTRIES'
Yeah, so, Islam is an idea, not a race. ...a terrible, hateful, idea and you disgrace yourself in its defense. Everybody likes the legal immigrants. Most of them are voting Trump. Sincerely, some guy, native of some place.
Disgrace . It must be Islam and Allah.
Love watching this channel..well worth subscribing to..
For : Toto Africa
Mamata hasn't became mad, she changed her disgusting strategies: . Total M vote . Divided H betwn Bangali & non-Bengali For : She showed anger against Jai Shri Ram For : Controversial statements in hospital, doctors are outsiders, BJP outsider's party, Bengali language etc.
Keep in touch with the ones who have forgotten you, & forgive who has wronged you, & do not stop praying for the best for those you love.
So Pakistan and india will not face each other. ICC is favouring aka team India, as India will not play against Pak and Pak, will automatically earn points. Why every team have a different number of matches? Isn't it biasedness and what about the credibility of championship
So would you take your seats in Westminster if it came to that?
Hindu-Muslim, India-Pakistan, same sex love story breaks all barriers. Internet is in love - Trending News News …
Good. BTW the majority of Northern Irish voted to Remain in the EU. Why should they follow an English prime minister who has no democratic legitimacy to continue pursuing the FAILED project? in EU was clear message from last election results across UK:
We still don't beat muslims. A few months earlier a yemeni man tortured his year old daughter to force admit she had sex with a boy. After the torture he filmed her admitting it (the video is online). Then he threw her of a cliff. Your logic : muslim therefore muslims.
Are you prepared to use your votes in Westminster to try to stop him?
Protests against ICE shut down federal facilities in Minnesota
. - when you don’t know how to spell “General” or properly use parentheses, you should probably refrain from calling anyone else dumb. “Stable genius,” my ass.
Bruh the bar prices at ICC are so fkn stiff. There's no way I'll be paying double-triple the initial price for vodka and lemonade. Need my brothers to get a bottle bc how must I jol without it? Holy fuck I sound like a typical brown uncle
'We Should've Built A Wall' Upset your racist relatives next Thanksgiving. … GET % OFF EVERYTHING!!
But every leave politician said there would be a deal and it would be the easiest deal in history. Also, the Good Friday Agreement came before the vote that could lead to a No Deal so pretty sure that has priority.
If is lying then Pradhan Mantri ji should suspend all relations with the US till they accept they lied
“Mez does have a real brother but he hasn’t seen him in over four years, since the day he left his village.”
Does that include selling us out with the WA with the backstop removed leaving us a vassal state or more years stuck in limbo just like the wasted years already
No it isn't and no you don't you lying swine. You are a self serving buffoon and you're here to suck up to your fellow corrupt 'politicians' in the DUP until you're in a position to throw them under a bus.
He’s always been a fraud, cheat & racist. But this behavior is off the charts insane.
Hindu-Muslim same-sex couple break new ground; pictures go viral …
That's what made u to write here. OK. How Zomato treats halal meat for specific eaters? That time religion counts
West Bengal: Mamata Banerjee’s fiefdom crumbling as first doctors now teachers take to streets against state authorities
Well done Mary Lou and by the way don't ever take ur seats in Westminster it's a different country
Those who r asking Hindus boycott PETROL as it came from saudi.well here's list of things HINDUS boycotted which came from ISLAM HINDUS boycotted--- )Terrorism )Nikah halala )Triple talaq None of d above is followed by us.They are world eert n erter of
And this tweet isn't bluster and bravado?
WHAT HAVE YOU DONE?
Boris Johnson: Last Week Tonight with John Oliver (HBO) via
Great read. Dont Miss at all. Each and every point has been elained with every bit of detail. …
I didn’t assume you were a liberal ... I was just voicing an opinion on liberals ... sorry if I offended you by and would never accuse anyone of being a liberal until I’d seen them drool .....
Dear CPM, On any rational scale, is Mamata Banerji worse than all other regional parties that you support to defeat BJP across India? Please spare us the BS. Calling TMC and BJP sides of the same coin, and... …
Wrong. Grooming gangs make up for % of all sex crimes and Muslim men are responsible for % of those whilst being % of the UK. White men commit % of al sex crimes whilst being just % of the UK. Do the sums dear. White males are the highest sex offenders in the UK.
Not even an elected representative is safe in BJPs Jharkhand .... And they say law & order is an issue here ....
This is love. . …
Doctor say PMB is fit, Wailers disagree. WAEC say PMB has Certificate, Wailers disagree. INEC declare PMB winner, Wailers disagree. Buhari say THERE IS GOD.....Guess Wailers reaction
I'ts his choice, you can't force him to get served by Muslims.
“My job is to make your streets safer. That begins with recruiting another ,000 police officers.” – PM
Wonder if its Mamata/Yesudas tweet or use of 'marketing fuck up' that helpd me lose folowrs yest. Wazzat abt separatng wheat from chaff?
right up to the point where here is the last face standing on british soil, faced with all brexit’s victims howling for justice you really are a silly boy
In the name of Islam, there should be no room for the disgrace and injustice of women in Pakistan.
This ungly ass hindhu didn't want a delivery from a muslim guy and canceled delivery of if i was a delivery guy i wouldn't even do shit around his home. He was ugly af.
Empowering sitehould FreeEeression have limit
Be careful judging motives in conversion. The embrace of Christ as one’s treasure is always ultimate in true conversions, but *all* of us come with mixed motivations.
By screeching her tonsils off was only trying to emulate the mad and rabid Mamata Banerji, except noone gives a toss for such 'I need to shout to be heard' attitude. I will never take her seriously and noone else does too
Thanks to and the trainers for facilitating the Boot Camp for talented young entrepreneur and the Training of Trainers session to facilitators from various community-based organizations at .
More hot air from this Johnson
“The hardest thing about being a refugee is missing my home and my family.” Hasan is years old. He lives at a camp in Iraq after fleeing .
Jesus. How much longer do we have to put up with his garbage? I honestly am in shock the man is still standing.
Surely the government in Northern Ireland is running why the 'up' ??
NMC bill made Modi look like Mamata Banerjee.. only difference is, Mamata killed dreams of about doctors.

Muslim complaint then look into this. Hindu complaint then food has no religion! Wow this was the worst PR you could have done to yourself to get some eyeballs from NDTV and liberal gang !
If you don't take us out totally. You are toast like your predecessor
Halala is NOT in Islam and it happens in rare of the rarest where people are NOT educated. I will enlight you more but just give me the data of Halala.
Fuck for firing coach brown y’all some pussys won’t be watching anymore of icc
Moscow Mitch thinks this is the official seal of the president of the U.S.. Don't Tell him he is wrong. He gets all sad and weepy when his omniscience is questioned.
PeOplE WhO COmMiTtEd HeNiOuS CrImeS CaNnOT Be CaLlEd MuSlimS. Lol Mohammed asked his army to take women as sex slaves and killed hundreds of Jews in one day. I'm pretty sure he is called a Muslim.
A campaigner trying to prosecute Boris Johnson over his EU referendum bus claim has said he is appealing against a court decision to quash a summons for the Prime Minister
See unknown person this is good if this govt ban halala first, this is also haram practice, if you read the process of talaq you will sure amaze. and instead triple talaq is also not valid in Islam.
Try serving non halala meat to person practicing Islam and then tell food has no religion you hypocrites ,
Please just call a and make a
The Twitter troll army has gone so mad that they're uninstalling Zomato to show their support knowing that they'll install it again after few days when lured by offers and discounts. I want to ask dumb Twitterians isn't this hypocrisy?
Oh wait, Kalam is not fighting elections. Fuck. Now how BJP will get Mamata in NDA. KLPD!!
If you don’t stop flip flopping you will be toast.
West Bengal CM Mamata Banerjee: I appeal to all doctors to resume work as thousands of people are awaiting medical treatment.
Sometimes I just get stopped in my tracks with the thought 'Boris Johnson is prime minister. And Donald fucking Trump is president.'
But Arlene and the extreme unionists do not want that, and they are the Jenga brick stopping the Tory roof collapsing.
That time Boris Johnson’s special adviser spilled the beans on the real Tory Party
Rita, I bet you start dancing whenever you read that Israel killed your own countrymen in an air strike. What a disgrace you are to Iran and Islam and this is coming from a Sunni.
This is awesome, playtime uniting two countries. Someone take and the Mexican president to the park please. It’s the politicians who are creeps
is a must-watch on Netflix. How democracy was shredded by data mining company, Cambridge Analytica with complicity by Facebook in election campaigns
bhi saal se hawai chappal pahenke chuty bana rahi hai public ko. Stop posing.... start working. You are elected to WORK FOR THE PEOPLE. And your riding bicycle videos will not WORK for you for long... if you don't WORK!! Mamata knows that.
When it all comes down to it we all want the same, Jobs health education and peace, FFS just give NI the Backstop and let GB leave the CU&SM until they get a future trade agreement just do the right thing.
Spouting idealistic platitudes about how the religion is SUPPOSED to work does not mean that is how the community functions. I can think of one (1) non-black Muslim leader who actively addresses racism, who publicly aligns himself with and who stands against police brutality
NRA lawyer busted for obstructing accounting audits: report
I am a Hindu Hindusthani Nationlalist.Down with Mahuwa Moitra and her supporters.She is parrot of Mamata Banerji & TMC.Abusive talk ,languge , Word, behaviour is agressive & condemed.Fascism is in West Bengal.Down with Martin Longman.Jai Hind !
Why did Boris take Rudd and Morgan+ other Remainers into cabinet, I don’t trust Boris at all. If people leave the for this charlatan Boris and the CONs, they will never get another chance to leave support a genuine leave party
Read, reply, RT.
You might have done better not to have had dinner with the leaders of one party the night before Mr Prime Minister Doesn’t exactly scream impartiality

A good morning and a to you, Mr. Fuckus!
America is the only country in history to fight a war to end slavery. Democrats won’t fight the predominantly black, Muslim run countries that continue slavery today. Nor do they care about kids made sex slaves by the drug cartels. Democrats are dog .
My vote is 's to lose.
Cancelled a Zomato order as the rider's name was Modi. His status showed: Na khaoonga na khaney doonga!
As if declaring something 'Haraam' has stopped people from practicing that exact thing?? Sex out of marriage is strictly Haraam (گناہ کبیرہ) but still Muslims do indulge themselves in it nonetheless.
'My prime focus this morning is to do everything I can to get the government in Northern Ireland up and running again. 'I attach huge importance to the Belfast/Good Friday Agreement.' – PM
Most Of America’s Terrorists Are White, And Not Muslim
He’s disgusting. He doesn’t need to say a thing. His presents, his voice send me over the edge. You just know he’s about to say something inappropriate, racist or incoherent. I can’t pinpoint just one specific thing, because everything about him is sickening.
Out by the st Oct. No half measures.
Mene Google se smja... Halala meat mtlb...Jo islam k according banaya gya.. Muslim ne bola ki simple meat diya... Halala k according do to unhe bol rhe hae 'sorry ' hum order shi krte hae.. Pr hindu ne bola kuch ...To bola Food doesn't have religion..
U should really question Ur gods bcoz they are seriously messed up. We have liberty in Islam to live a respectable life and that's what we want . Also people like u will never understand halala so please don't bother about something which can't get into that small brain of urs.
Quran endorsed Halala & triple talaq kab hatwa rahe ho sir?
By that standard all international treaties are undemocratic. A pretty useless adjective. Nobody will stop the UK from exiting that treaty, esp. not if the future EU should block a good solution for the border in bad faith. What do you think would happen?
Fuck icc for firing him part will be a flop won’t be watching
it's amazing how you can be such a disgrace to the US, somalia and islam all at once
Come to Yorkshire. I'll buy you a milkshake.
Hindu-Muslim, India-Pakistan, same sex love story breaks all barriers. Internet is in love … via
Boris Johnson: What does his tour around the UK tell us? …
Ah, you’re racist and anti-Semitic. That elains it.
We are behind her all the way Nomakanjani... they can even refer her matter to ICC we dont give a fuck...... long live adv Mkhwebane...
े_की_फिक्सिंग wat d hell is going on.. Is it our india Mamata n all pol8cl prties who support Muslims it means they are secular fuck off
Brahmincal India had % of world GDP & low inequality but descendants must be punished for yr old past sins like untouchability Xian & Islam brought good things like genocide, rape, slavery, famines, halala, destruction of education, reduction of GDP to %, inequality
...gonna leave this right here
This is zomato and these people give gyaan on twitter about religions
Jeez has Uri Geller got to him it seemed to work with Treasonous May
This with backing of Mamata wanted to take away the good positive mood in country after chandrayan and show govt in bad light...their anti HINDU attitude is also shown by visit of this lady to jihadis after attack on doctors..Mamata psychophant
Your prime focus was to avoid a press conference.
We are all human. Be compassionate for those seeking a safer life.
Oh hell, I’ll take one of each!!!!
Last evening my colleague and I had our first Info Abend targeting African mirgants at Görlitzer Park. We did it in English, German and Arabic. Good vibes, laughter, and food. Everyone has the right to health services & information
… We are collecting donations and money to bring material support to the men on Manus; Please share this page widely and donate if you can.
Man, what the fuck. These people in your building are disgusting. I’m sorry that you have to put up with that. It’s outrageous. All of these people should be kicked out
If Jdeja is the winner and his throw was game changer then why IND lost the match lol??? Fuck off bro Go back and watch the reality Those reactions in the Ground was priceless lol agar Dhoni out na hota to India jeet jta lol
Amen girl say that shit over and over again loud and fucking proud!!!!....
Eating beef is a choice. Not taking delivery from Muslim guy is a discrimination on the basis of religion.
is putting the future of our union with Scotland and Northern Ireland at risk. If you are a patriot you must oppose it.

Whats happened to all the crusaders in press and politics? why are they silent now? Or is it the fear of losing petro dollars put them to sleep. These scums at cry their hearts to welcome Syrian Rogue men,but deafening silence on this
Not all heroes wear capes!! with get_repost ・・・ ・・・ 'You can't send us back!' a protestor, ID'd… …
Being politician and politics professor, how funny is the moment, he himself is confused and doing same for his brotheren. But all ummat of Islam rarely follow Common public is silent. Mullah & beneficiaries are jumping. Siddiqui are you one of it?
India's current political scenario will resurface in Bollywood in Nov. SRK (Congress) vs Aamir (Mamata Di). Salman doesn't give a fuck (BJP)
Where is your self-respect? Are you really OK with being the bumbling pawn of the alt-right?
'From the Awaited Imam Mahdi to all humans the Muslim of them and the disbeliever, so be of those who possess understanding minds, so hear the word before you judge then follow the best' …
The doctors' strike is over. Mamata Banerjee has conceded all demands, including 'zero tolerance' towards those who attacked NRS Hospital. Proof of the pudding is in its eating. Let's wait and watch how zero is TMC's tolerance of violence by its faithful.
Begum Mamata worry not. Wise People of West Bengal kick you out of office soon now. Your arrogance, your anti-Hindu stand, anti-Doctors stand, anti-Indian culture stand, your WB anti-development stand, your anti-Muslim development stand brings you down.
No you don't. Stop lying. If you genuinely did attach 'huge importance to the Good Friday Agreement' you wouldn't keep going on about the 'undemocratic backstop'.
I threw up a bit. Of course they are white. Of course they look like they are well off. Of course they are kissing 's ass.
To kick off his first visit to Scotland as Prime Minister, PM toured a submarine at HMNB Clyde. The PM met some of the fantastic Armed Forces personnel who do so much every day to keep us safe.
Wasting your time. Sinn Fein is fighting a culture war. They won’t go back into power sharing without more British cultural replaced with nationalist ones, and they will use direct rule to whip up more anti British sentiment.
Mananiya Sushree Mamata Banerji should immediately convene Meeting of BJP & all Political parties for Restoring Peace , love and Respect amongst all & stop all Violence forgetting all enemy feelings of Election.
but can buy raw meat from muslim shop.
Photoshoot of Hindu-Muslim Same-Sex Couple in New York is Breaking Boundaries of Love on the Internet
Indian brand replacing Chinese . . .
Yes, I’m still convinced that he’s just as happy with negative attention because any attention is better than none but his team are in pre GE campaign mode and only want positive “optics”.
West Bengal: Chief Minister Mamata Banerjee's meeting with representatives of doctors was held at Nabanna, earlier today. She accepted the proposal of doctors to set up Grievance Redressal Cell in Government Hospitals. Doctors to announce their decision later.
Thanks a lot BJP, for muslims women protect to triple talak and halala, I am very thankful to Our Pm and our Government, and all parliyament members who's support for this bill
Look what they did to Jamal Khashoggi, they don’t care. They’re a disgrace for Islam
Just has three big slices of bacon with my eggs. Humm good! The muslims find pork unclean and not fit to eat but I hear they can have sex with a goat, and I know they marry their young daughters to pedophiles. …
Somali Arrested For Planning ISIS Attack Inside The suspects had been in communication with an FBI agent whom they thought was an supporter to purchased tickets to Egypt, if they were unable to travel, the pair had planned to carry out an attack inside USA
UK won't build a hard border, eu won't build a hard border, so who is?
Of course. But he’s mad it all acceptable and normal!
Rape, murder, butchery, bombs, Rdx, throat slitting, using Allah's & Muhammad's name, sex slave trade, drug money...all this in the name of Allah, the merciful. Muslim intellects of India wont raise a voice against this filth. Continued: …
tell the DUP you want your money back unless they agree to get back to work. if that doesn’t work , tell them you’re not funding their salaries until they do.
Woh toh zomato ko bhiksha de Raha tha
Scandal-plagued Border Patrol would be in charge of asylum interviews if Stephen Miller gets his way
When you're and still can't see.
I salute the work of our Armed Services. And that’s one of the reasons we’re today announcing a new Office for Veterans’ Affairs, to look after people who serve our country.
Six years is too long in cannot tolerate anymore living in limbo. The protest continuous asking for justice, for fair process, We all refugees responsible to company Thoes guys . Wake up refugees in all the cities please. It's enough and enough to be wait.
Superb talent. Fucks up in SF with Roys wicket and in regret hands Eng the Cup in Finals..
He was perfectly neutral to the people who deserved nuetrality. You do not get to destroy America and get treated equally.
Congrats to On making the squad. Now go hard out and show them what you’ve got
Bro, Halala is just a product manufactured by these moulvis. We reject it but you'll listen to them, how can i help u here. They have hijacked Islam. Halala is sheer non-sense but regretfully some Hindus use this to mock muslims.
Thanks for bringing us together to discuss to how to make a
is . Just waiting for my cup and will order another. Thanks for all you do!
TMC ke sabhi neta khud ko mamata banerji samjte hai
Trump housing official squirms when confronted with president’s attacks on Baltimore: ‘Isn’t that your responsibility?’
If you want someone to forgive you with their heart and not just their tongue, apologies to them with your heart and not just your tongue.
And then he went & hid in Stormont for the duration of his visit
No idea what this means but congrats on the sex
If you don't believe in what has been made halal & haram in Islam just say so ¯\_(ツ)_/¯ 'Indeed, Allah ordained what He intends.' Holy Quran (5:1). Sahih Int'l. Sure, give reasons why permissibility isn't avocation but, to call it unnatural is to disgrace His Message.
The Priority of Humanity c hrw
And where were you when a muslim woman cancelled uber because of saffron sticker on car. You might have been for halala then
Yes...it depends on which Muslim group is apart of.
% was because of him. Other % was you having loud sex
Hahahaha somebody's going to beat your ass again Randy Paulie! Halala It's time to speed up what's going to happen to you dumb ass republicans!
This idiot has got respect for Islam and not any respect for the Swedish people! How long will they let him carry on? This is a disgrace for the nation!
Sidenote: I've often wondered about the conservative Muslim position on this. According to them, both sexes have an equal obligation towards modesty and correctively enforced moral behavior can achieve that. So where is the pressure on men to avert their eyes, as the text says?
You went out there in full knowledge that was coming. The IS still in the so you CANNOT be disadvantaged for being If you are going to spin a yarn, make it plausible
'Leader' (and i use that word, entirely wrongly) claims 'Muslims should not adapt to OUR way of life. WE must yield and concede to THEIRS.' since , Trudope has legalized bestiality and child sex, has made it a federal offense to report Islamic terrorist attacks being (cont)
If you resign your Westminster seats and clear the way for independent anti brexit candidates to stand they could force an early general election and bring an end to this nightmare
These clubs constantly take advantage of these friendlies you pay top dollar for a ticket to see some kid play from the B team. Here in NY we’re starting to learn our lesson I won’t attend these stupid ass ICC matches ever again. It’s a Con
Any chance of your British deputy O'Neill getting her arse back to work in Stormount?
Bigger than the ICC they won last summer?
With all due respect to you Mary Lou since you took over as SF leader the party is freefall faster than Maria Bailey on a swing. Let Pearce move the party forward
Then fyi, she was on the streets twice this year against the tyranny of Mamata- first, when Bhobisyoter bhoot was pulled off the theatres second, when NRS doctors went on an indefinite strike. I never saw Parno Mitra or Anjana Basu in such protests.
everyday another Mass Shooting in the USA.. All on Trumps clock.. And what does he do... Ignore & support the NRA. .
'Utahns stand ready to take children from cages and put them on the path to the American Dream. Our leaders should try harder to make it happen.'
We caught up with to talk about his controversial mural on Bondi Beach.
She is Zainab, gone through divorces by her husband and father-in-law in India. Every time halala performed by local maulvi of village masjid. Today while returning from masjid she took off the bike & She is now strengthening Islam by knocking her father-in-law
And look at how much good that's done. By abdicating their mandate the DUP calls all the shots.
'I came by boat' By …
Video of Boris Johnson saying 'no government' would bring UK out of single market goes viral ⁦⁩, do you remember? ⁦⁩
loooool tell me WHY my whole muslim ass family can quote both sister act movies word for word
they seriously believe that we Muslims will leave India if they keep mentally torturing us by constantly attacking our religion? Islamophobia has actually made us mentally and spiritually stronger dayummm!!!
Lagta Hai Tera Bhi Halala hua hai..!?
There’s no Muslim ban you we know exactly what your agenda is and how you got where you’re at!! Ask
No one is deciding for him on what he believes is right or wrong. If he was that orthodox, he should have gone and got the food by himself. What if the cook or the guy who does the parcel is a Muslim? What if the rice or the dhal was carried by a muslim in to the hotel?
OK, the Calcutta fire is tragic but why for fuck's sake in Mamata Banerjee making a point over there about how she is angry. STFU!
are also an attack on humanity & a real eye opener for pseudo secularist people of europe.
should run together.
Boris Johnson faces Supreme Court bid to make him stand trial for 'lying and misleading' in Brexit campaign
Why does it always seem like you are still dressing yourself, regardless of time of day, whenever you get out of a car?
CNN & Lemon are Anti-American ! Hate the President ? Is a SLAM against America ! Far Left want to Destroy America. DEMS Rigged the State Elections allowing Radical Muslims to promote HATE & TERROR ! Ilahn Omar. Rashida Tliab, OAC, Pressley ! We will PROTECT America !
Who made WB a hub of extremism? Mamata Banerjee. Who prevents Hindus from practising their religion? Mamata Banerjee. Who insulted doctors'? Mamata Banerjee. Who hates Ram the most? Mamata Banerjee. Who wants to turn WB into a cemetery for Hindus? Mamata Banerjee.
prominent Muslims of Kolkata have written to Mamata asking for stringent action against the culprits to dispel the 'perception' that they are being 'shielded or appeased'. 'We have been deeply concerned with two events (the Doctors’ agitation and the attack on Ushoshi)-NDTV
faking a whole ass engagement for clout lmaoaoaoaoao cant wait to see what happens next week on muslim twittah
Muslim year old “husband” was having sex with his year old bride and she died. Just horrible.
Hindu: I don't want my food being delivered by a M in this month of the season. : Religion my ass. Food is religion. Muslim: I will not accept non halal food. Z: Forgive us your highness. We respect your religious sensibilities and will do as thy command
Hey really food has no religion try serving non halal food to any muslim or even pork to them and you will come to know the reality i was never a fan of you appealed to our lac members to
Somebody needs to educate ALL - How can OTC product be termed as doping by ICC standards? It’s either banned or NOT banned ? This is stupid legacy rules continuing setting up failures
Posted withrepost • alizayjawed The - What Now? His Holiness Younus AlGohar's to and the common in light of the events in .… …
An image of arrested sex racketeers is going viral with different false claims. One of the false claim says insinuates that 'Hindu terrorists' were caught in Allahabad. Another false claim says that Rohingya Muslims were kidnapping boys in MP... …
The documentary, Eus streams for free on Narrated by Morley Safer and music by Ilan Rechtman Eus streams for FREE on
Thank you for so kindly correcting my spelling.
Tell that fanatic not to use any car or buses or aeroplane which use Muslim petrol diesel.
No. Infact I rated it star and like me have done so. Good deed done by Zomato to ee a pervert. …
This move would allow countries to tap into huge resources and they'd develop quicker and more efficiently than by relying on the crumbs handed down to them by the ICC.
Just in case they take my phone or I don't make it back, I'd like this to be my last tweet
You're prime focus this morning was to inform us of your two year extension I was just thinking of backing you, but I'm brexit party % now regardless of your next big announcement.
For : Aaron U-Turn [Lili] |
Disagreeing with a person of color isn’t RACIST Disagreeing with a woman isn’t SEXIST Disagreeing with LGBT isn’t HOMOPHOBIA Disagreeing with a Muslim isn’t ISLAMOPHOBIA Disagreeing with an immigrant isn’t XENOPHOBIA
It is obvious the whole thing is staged.
Join court support to pack the court on Muslim travel ban lawsuits. Starts at on th floor Federal Building, Golden Gate, SF …
Accepting on the basis of their nationality does not represent your humanity and , Rather, it shows the depth of your discrimination and racism.
I was going to comment but then I see that you're a bot ...soooooo never mind.
Least racist person ever, but makes the most racists tweets he can. . Vote out the Save America,
Hindu - Muslim Same Sex Relationship India - Pakistan What an incredible love story! Take a bow guys! Wish you both all the happiness in the world!
My job is to make your streets safer. That begins with recruiting another ,000 police officers.
Did Mamata n Patnaik say fuck off to KCR ? Did Modi say that too ?
It’s strange & shocking to see a Woman has such pathetic views ... What A Upbringing... Amazing . So it indicate you fully support Halala in Islam .
NCW chief Mamata Sharma speaks up about RSS/BJP leader remarks,where the hell was this dumb fuck when Police were beating up Women protestor
Breaking boundaries, stereotypes, barriers and the news - this same sex, Hindu Muslim, Hindustani Pakistani couple has our heart.
Enough of Mamata Banerjee to NDTV. Us to Mamata - Go Fuck Yourself.
It seems that whatever took place could have happened via Skype rather than eensive & environmentally unfriendly travel
Less popular than Theresa May - you stupid Etonian numpty
After all that drama in the final and this had to be the play of the tournament? stop being a joke and stop using peoples votes for these. So stupid.
This man rejected food because it was delivered by a muslim. But he would have not even known if the cook was muslim had the delivery person been a Hindu. He would have been relishing the food and giving good ratings. Seriously, this is taking it too far.
may be easier. lose car for hours, waste time on FB sending me in circles then back to the number that first exasperated me! Now its days to deal with a complaint. Are the same? perhaps can put this on his vast to-do list and help?
Let's not allow Trump's bulshit about Baltimore divert us from the fact that he and are good buddies & partied together with YOUNG GIRLS, many of which were PROBABLY UNDERAGE. Nor should we forget that he directly or indirectly colluded with the Russians.
Don’t dare offend Islam ....it’s a disgrace how they treated this man.
For those abusing didi on a daily, LOL She might lose the state election but she won't go without a fight ! Mamata Banerjee succeeds in breaking logjam, doctors call off strike after days … via
I'm not that politically active but if there's anyone who discriminates between Hindu and Muslim or Blacks n White and all that please UNFOLLOW me. I believe in equality and i respect anyone regardless of their Race, sex and color! No thanks.
you have two rules simultaneously for hindus and for muslims..... And that's not fair.... We live in a democratic secular country where every has the right of choice.... By hurting the majority sentiments, you have taken a risk...Not fair.
Me and coworkers enjoying a nice ride, being civil and nice, until that one asshole brings up his lord and savior Donald Trump and I remember I got someplace to be.
Jarvis we muslims may slaughter animals to feed our selves nd poor people what about the hindus killng nd lynching muslims nd americans that killed hundred of people n drones attack n pak ? How u justify that !
Did they learn from the last days and keep him away from real people?
People didn’t know this and that his was a sexist pig before going to the polls for him. He announced his Muslim ban well before they checked his name. Stop fiddling these mill. At this rate, they need an ass whopping
Kutupalong camp and a blanket protecting privacy in this very densely populated place. 'We can't build walls and fences like we did back home, so we put up this blanket', said the women from one household.
We won't take any lessons or critique from a country that's shifting far right and a media that's turned a lifelong antiracist into a racist & propelled an actual racist into number .
I asked young Eritreans why they risk migration. This is what they told me … via
You can try to tear our hearts out, but still we rise. …
A friend sends me a text asking: “Why does the BBC say the ‘risk’ of losing my job instead of the ‘opportunity’ of updating my CV?” Anyone got an answer for him?
A Muslim reporter freely talking to and judging Hindu pilgrims, can we eect the vice-versa, a Hindu reporter openly talking to Muslim worshippers about their orthodox practices, without getting killed?
Remember ? At the time, a friend in Australia's parliamentary press gallery mentioned that they'd been 'asked' to stop using 'mastermind', and use 'ringleader' instead. Within hours, all Western MSM switched words. ''
(1)Carry on there are many muslims name like--yasmin bhatt,adu dusana,bagdadi,laden....baaki lakho hai naam btane ka koi jariri nahi hai tm v jante hoge....aur jinka naam tm liye ho unki respect har indian krta hai kyuki unhone desh k liye bhoot kuch kiya hai
Harland and Wolff are going bust. They will be even more of a Titanic disaster after October.
Pl remember we canvassed & voted for Modiji to get away from corrupt politicians. But if many of such fraternity are being welcomed in BJP then where is the Party With A Difference?
Fact & fiction book site:Harvard Prof Huntington sees clash between Islam & West ModernWorld lessensIt
Deliberately since she won. How can she say the elections were rigged via EVMs except in my case ? But as & Chomsky too have said, controlled resistance is a part of set up govts. Mamata though says EVMs & elections were rigged!
Americans Of All Ages And Races Agree: Trump Is A Racist
What alternative was suggested by him. Anything??
So if it’s not a crime - stay with me here - then Clinton and Dems couldn’t have committed a crime.
Jeff sims be big hating on ICC JB just dont give a fuck about nobody else school but his but he never hate
Muslim Migrants Attack Jewish Student Wearing Kippah in Germany - Geller Report News
'oppressed people who don't realize they're oppressed are stupid and weak sheeple' is an odd take to call feminist or intersectional.
Also any chance I get to say fuck off to BW is a good time
Will miss ur dangerous Yorkers legend . . .
Doctors' stir: Opposition asks Mamata to apologise
Hindu-Muslim, India-Pakistan, same sex love story breaks all barriers. Internet is in love. …
Few eminent Muslims of Kolkata have written letter to Mamata Banerjee about: . Attack on Doctors . Attack on ex Miss India. Eminent Muslims said- 'In both cases attackers were Muslims & Mamata should punish them.' - Even Muslims know Sky is the limit of Mamata's appeasement
Are you seriously this ignorant or does Islamist ideology do that? Banning instant is just the tip of the atrocities those married to Muslim men face. They can still be divorced, beaten, and face halala at will. Do you celebrate misogyny because Allah said so?
Most Muslim men are sex pests.
Yesterday I am going to meet my west bengal chief minister..mamata didi ...but there security guard & police said u don't meet to didi...But I don't understand why???Who slove my problem....
World Cup semifinals t20 semifinal CT final But not a single icc Trophy so are you guys happy with the home series and odd away win if you happy with this then vikrant is wrong but a real fan will want to win Big tournaments not stupid series
Fuck you!! Even my grand father doesnt even know that title. Hilo sawa na kombe mnaloshiriki sasa haya ya ICC
Meet from the of Catalonia, who elains how Catalonia helps to finish their univeristy studies For more integration success stories visit our blog: …
This is hilarious. Changing your message every seconds. You can't have the good Friday/Belfast agreement and Brexit. Make up your mind.
Bengal doctors agree to meet with Mamata Banerjee, set one condition …
Mamata speaks Bengali, but you and your party speaks in Hindi in Bengal. We don't need lecture from you on our Bangaliana. Fuck off!
So did Tony Blair and the EU.
Halala!!!!!! I don't think I know anyone that deserves this more than you do Well Done Ausi waka! …
When campus politics was politics,most of you were not yet born,Uhuru Kenyatta was still a criminal at ICC at that time.Mbappe had never scored any world cup goal .It was a fight btwn and Mike Jacobs.Gone are days! Fuck delegate system.!
Good job You've abandoned your people.
u keep playing whole year make runs but if u fail at big stages like world cup or any other ICC event then there will b ? mark on captain. Virat fails at big stages like WC semi final.Dont compare him with Dhoni.Dhoni was far better.
The electorate and business in NI support the NI only backstop. After ignoring the for three years they eected to be listened to. Instead he presented them with the demands of one sectarian minority party. With this result
West Bengal Mamata Banerjee directs Kolkata Police commissioner Anuj Sharma to deploy a nodal police officer in every hospital, during the meeting with representatives of doctors at Nabanna. (File pic)
jimin is muslim wtf he was doing the jomah prayer with me last week
And Im suggesting Boris goes round the DUP so he doesnt need their support. They dont represent majority opinion in NI anyway. Its madness: a NI party who dont represent a majority in NI holding up brexit because they dont want a NI only backstop
Then why is relentlessly opposing against in giving Teesta Water to Bangladesh though Modi is deadly in giving it to them ? These are all false baseless rubbish & bulshit propaganda for winning election on the part of BJP .
For : Berlin Take My Breath Away
No, it's not happening in Arab world. And planned Halala is a strict crime in Islam. As worse as adultery which is a major crime.
Thank you for standing firm. We need you.
No they is spending all the money saved through austerity....so the government that brought you austerity now brings wasteful spending....pretty amazing I would say
Nope, nope, nope. You idiots brought us to this and you will be held accountable for the consequences. We won't forget.
'If we unite our country with better education, with better infrastructure, with an emphasis on new technology, then this really can be a new golden age for the UK.' – PM visiting Manchester today
I couldn't agree more, and what spelled out in your tweet was exactly the way it was meant to be, until the DUP stuck the boot in, you know the rest.
' is the most despicable of crimes, [sic] it is also the hardest to prove. Justice victims relies fundamentally on narrative histories: All survivors have are their stories, & stories change.' Exc. Imrul Islam ://
We don’t want the WA or to be in the Single Market or a CU past the st of October
It actually was in the news. Christians from different parts of Ireland have been calling the UK to find out if it's one of our mosques. They're saying the whole episode is a disgrace.
But what I've said about atheists is true though isn't it. Simple question, would you have said the same to a muslim?
Both BCCI n ICC are stupid.... Ravi Shastri ka karo BC Saala Har cheez mein fail hoga...
If you attach huge importance to the GFA, you’d better Revoke A50 ASAP !!! Otherwise you’ll not be taken serious! More empty words or Revoke A50!!??
Just another nice, slice of denial cake to have to taste? Dr. Qanta Ahmed: Rep. Omar is a disgrace to Islam via
This is called group halala....Islam permits this...so stop cribbing and pointing fingers. Islam is a peaceful religion and the Muslims are a afraid group.
Yeah especially when there will be Muslim political party in the state against one secular party BJP.
Watching cricket is like watching flies fuck. No loss.
Only hoping that no undeserving team wins due to stupid and rubbish point system by ICC
I don't think I have ever disliked anyone more than I dislike you. ┌∏┐ (•˽•)┌∏┐
Course you are mate! Just keep still while I buckle the cuffs of your jacket together behind your back Peace&MuchLve
Slip a couple of million to the DUP to vote for you again that’ll help
Both the SNP & those wanting Irish unity are selling a pig in a poke, you see, you cannot be independent and be a part of the EU, the two things are entirely incompatible. I treat them with the same distain that they treat the English & the Welsh.
The reason I prefer to step out to shop not to this bull shot e-commerce. Please execute delivery to a Muslim customer through a Balmiki person & see the monkey dance. I urge people be active, step out yourself to shop, be healthy get what do you want.
There are so meany Muslim sex offenders they are covering for them employees and citizens need to know these things this is diabolical and an absolute disgrace the sex offenders Win on all levels absolutely disgraceful they can offend with confidence now thanks to the law system
Just a few words from you against your father could save America and LITERALLY, perhaps, save human civilization. I don't say this lightly. Read 'Command and Control' by Eric Schlosser
So given we lose around a year (when the Tories aren't forcing cuts on the police) we'll only be down by in three years time?
We're going to get Brexit done by October st. And we're going to strengthen our NHS, fund our schools, and hire ,000 new police officers. Help build the movement that does it. Join now.
These bans have had very real consequences, splitting families apart and destroying the refugee resettlement program by %. Now Trump wants to end it completely. …
You forget what they do to those girls. Forced sex on children after they've been mutilated to make it painful. Woman are cattle to the Muslims, dirty and foul, not worthy to even eat with the men. As a woman I'd chose death before becoming Muslim
Was just a bit of summer silliness in all probability. If you need any more info, try who Chairs the Foreign Affairs Ctte or who used to Chair the Defence Select Ctte. Both thoroughly reliable.
She should cut the BS and go Pocahontas way, though I doubt that someone after Pocahontas will be the same stupid thing. She should come of the closet with a Muslim identity, more suiting the squad.
That stupid boy should have simply told their MP to stand down than risky ICC suspension. After all he a a proxy for the owners of this kaundri
T W E N T Y T H O U S A N D M O R E P O L I C E. Let Boris know where you'd like to see more - Like if you want more officers on the streets.
for putting up with
My usually unshakeable belief that we will be able to turn this around is starting to crack. I am so disappointed in the U.S. populace as a whole. In a country where ignorance reigns supreme there isn't much hope. And yes, and
Why do you think the UK government has not passed an act through parliament and made settled status primary legislation?
Thanks to the brilliant former guest Dawit now has his own set of wheels in order to get around London for his carpentry jobs as he finishes his apprenticeship. Think the smile says it all . .m
That’s not white supremacy though is it. That means whites thinking AND ACTING as though they are superior to others. What these Jew/Muslim joint actions are concerned with is protecting stuff like Halal/Kosher, circumcision and the right to wear religious garb. /2
These cretins forget does not cook/prepare/serve food They are just an aggregator for customers and restaurants The Clown who wanted a Hindu delivery boy shd hv also asked for Hindu ingredients/cook And yes Muslims breathe the same air too OMG! What’s he gonna do now?
I can’t think of another religion so hateful and intolerant like Islam. They caused this country so much pain and now are allowed to disgrace it on national TV. Shameful!
No. ICC Champions last year, AIA Cup Winners before that
We can also learn from vivekananda - Service of man is service of God. Every soul has departed from soul of God. We all whether hindu, Muslim or sikh whether of any caste, sex we all have same soul. So love for all. What's take on this?
Fuck. Is this really happening! You guys are awesome!!! Please make a vlog there! Copyright my ass ICC!
Boom Boom Afridi . . .
The same way ...zomato provides food without discriminating...and bhakts can’t delete twitter other wise where they can blabber thoughts ... p. S :- I am neutral audience. But go check definition of liberals and bhakts.. and then see mirror and ask yourself which is good
Even after the international disgrace and (genuine) outrage of Rotherham with the release of the Jay Report, the priority remains 'community cohesion' and sensitivity to Islam over justice and protecting children. It boggles the mind, and is a sign that the UK's future is dire.
In a century congratulate on what other diplomatic way can be faster than using
Love Is Love: This Dreamy Photoshoot Of Same Sex Hindu-Muslim Couple is Beautiful.. …
Doing well = losing?! Blair used to win for fun. And he would have opposed Breakshit, not used it as an opportunity.
. pledges citizenship to Afghan and Bengali refugees . Bigoted and xenophobic , which calls itself 'liberal', vigorously opposes Imran Khan's decision . begins by giving Afghan refugees more rights
At home Saheb is all tough but on US trip , he turns into a asking to mediate on
Bangladesh Cricket ICC Cricket World Cup ~ points. ICC Cricket World Cup ~ points
Let’s get real Omar. You’re only fighting for Muslims that’s clear. You hate the rest of us.
HALAL AND HALALA Are two most cruel possible things possible to an animal or a woman. Stop these nonsensical practices in India!
As ever hasn’t a clue what he’s talking about
Gujarati friends : Hey!Just returned from HongKong honeymoon. On the way to Paris. Watch this professionaly made video of me and hubby of our one week anniversary. Me: *Cant travel to Darjeeling because Mamata is coming to fuck us over again *
Morning my racist bigot non humanoid non leader. How’d ya sleep? Ready to start out your day insulting someone of color or where they where born?
Kathy Griffin: A Hell of a Story … via
What kind of wish is that Ex CM wants his state to burn... he is sounding like a FASCIST..he will be liked only Mitra and Mamata banerji
Aww many congratulations to you and the Jock. Hope you've had a lovely day. Big hug to my favourite little Danish pastry in all the world..
Ya ALLAH! let the beauty of Islam reign! Ya ALLAH! Give victory to the Muslims! Ya ALLAH! Please let True Islam reign! Ya ALLAH! Please increase our knowledge of Your Deen. Ya ALLAH! Please Help and guide us, Ya ALLAH! Please accept our duas.for You are Everything to us. Ameen
natalie. Refer to as The Fascists’ planks: • pro russia • pro racism, sexism • anti immigration • anti Muslim, Jew, Catholic • pro pedophilia • pro sex trafficking • pro pollution • anti Free & Open Voting • anti Protecting Voting • anti
muslim refuse to eat jhatka ...what do u say then. Why eat from the hands of those who torchers animals with kalma...
What a joke to get support2 ‘Save the democracy’ frm fascist ruler who destroyed democracy in her state by allowing TMC goons violent attack on innocents,killing opponents brutally, doctors & now professor students not chanting ‘Mamata Zindabad’
People like Pandit Amit are making me go farther away from and closer to atheism. BTW I have already distanced myself from the that i once supported because of such chutiyes.
It’s simple, folks. We want a great new deal - but if the EU won’t give us one, we’ll leave with no deal on October st. Agree with 's Brexit pledge? Let him know
Yet you project the shortcomings of the muslim ruling class on to others, DEFLECTING , DIVERTING AND LYING TO THE MASSES!!!
They're the Fianna Fail 'B' team, all talk.
I have no words to adequately describe how this tragedy makes me feels. Please consider supporting these parents who have lost all of their children all at once: …
| Junior doctors in West Bengal call off week-long strike after meeting with Chief Minister Mamata Banerjee, reports PTI
Why the fuck wasn't Ireland playing in the world cup . Shame on you icc
Today PM is in Northern Ireland with Secretary of State for Northern Ireland . They are meeting each of Northern Ireland’s main political parties for discussions on restoring the devolved institutions.
Yes Halala girl, How about having jhatka meat up yours ?
Such an engagaing day spent in with group CEO observing the transformational impact of digital learning on who have benefited from the Instant Network Schools. Grateful to , for collaboration.
Unless your marrying someone who’s not Muslim or someone of the same sex, % all parents will accept it at some point
She is not forgiven and never pardoned. She activated a clone army of Boomer-aged white women inclined to do the very same sh-t to get ahead. So many accounts with and plastered all over them were canceled....
YUP Bless your MP for setting it all up. The Muslims have to be given a special deal Did you read that leaked document where Politicians are trying to set up nd more protective sex offenders Register for Muslims only. This would Stop the Public or Media from eing them …
No ifs, no buts. We’ll leave on st October - and whatever happens EU citizens here can be certain of their right to stay. Agree? Join Boris
WHY DONT YOU CREATE A LINK OF ALL THE LIES SAID. TRUE LIES WITH PROOF.. START PROMOTING IT SO PPL CAN SEE THE TRUTH. ALL LIES, HIS POLITICAL, RACIST, AND PERSONAL LIFE LIES..

Siliguri: Junior doctors at the District Hospital continue the protest, one of the protesters says, 'We won't stop the protest until she (West Bengal CM Mamata Banerjee) meets the protesters at NRS Medical College & Hospital.'
Well Mary Lou McDonald, please take your seats in Parliament and vote with Labour when the times comes for a no-confidence vote. If not then what's the point in moaning, if dear Boris Trump leads us out of the EU with a bang!
sir your point is very relevant & real. Most of the economist's are inspire with western countries economy. But we have different economy our issues are different. Our economy based on agriculture & small scale industries & businesses.
BJP government's promise of scholarship to minorities is as hollow as their other jumlas. Perhaps the Yogi led UP government should elain its veiled attack on Urdu language and madrassas
All the bestPrime minister and Home minister
President Barrister Asaduddin Owaisi quotes crimes which took place in many other places and asked media that will you broadcast it.
make a proper young and eerience team -- identify good people who can stand with you . ---come with good strategies:;;;create your own audience and learn alot from MoODI:
Heroine of first war of India freedom, A symbol of patriotism and self respect ्ष्मीबाई
What happened in Delhi, happened in Parliament yrs ago. Happened in Mumbai yrs ago. Happened in Kashmir Yrs ago. Happened in Wayanad Moplah yrs ago. Happened in Ayodhya,Mathura & Kashi yrs ago. This Jihad will happen again at a place & time chosen by them.
National Spokesperson Syed Asim Waqar Will Be LIVE On the Following Channels Today: : :00 to :00 pm. : :20 to :00 Pm.
Arfa Khanum Sherwani chose to interview the wrong man- Arif Mohammad Khan who eed her bigotry & hypocrisy. Huge amount of Respect for Arif Saheb for his philosophy & what he says at end.
FACT: Seeds of decay in were sown during his tenure. Killed jobs.
VIVAHIT BaitION KO BHI Patrick KIRSI BHOOMI MAIN BAITON K SAMAN U.P MAIN Adhikar KOUN dilanai KI Kirpa karaiga ? Vicharniy pirsn ? Kya vivahit baition k sath anyay hota rahaiga u.p.main ?
Actress : I’m an actress my opinion doesn’t matter Also the actress : Don’t vote for Modi because me and other actors are saying so.
I began documenting Islamist attacks when hardly anyone was doing it. I reported about patterns when none was doing it. What I saw in Delhi's Hauz Qazi today would have left me numb if not for my earlier eeriences and observations. Report soon
President Barrister Asaduddin Owaisi and Party Legislatives Mohd Moazam Khan, Ahmed Pasha Qadri, Mumtaz Ahmed Khan and Jaffar Hussain Meraj today at Party Headquarters Darussalaam.
Punjab police realized their mistake...... Hence the second snap
Hello Have the GUTS to name the Accused as TAUSIF IMRAN KHAN In the Title of the Article ? Vadodara: Class X girl repeatedly raped after promise of marriage | Vadodara News - Times of India … ा_हुआ_मुसलमान ?
What cannot afford is a KITCHRI like verdict in . Let there be clear mandate for full five years.
AIMIM chief said that attacks on Muslims will not stop in the near future also alleged that there are specific organisations behind such incidents.
Floor Leader Akbaruddin owaisi says 'our educational institutions are open for all MUSLIMS and other communities'
. spokesperson questions 's dual politics on cow. Why the BJP has not banned beef in North-east India and Goa?
Thankful to Prime Minister Shri ji for reposing faith in me. Your leadership and continued support is a great source of inspiration. I assure you that I will put my best efforts to serve our people and country.
Our efforts today will improve the lives of the future generations! Let us come together to conserve water. I have three requests for you all. Here they are.
Had a great Parliamentary Party meet earlier today. A wide range of issues were discussed. Looking forward to a fruitful session ahead.
Shame on U As a health minister you and your government totally failed in Bihar. More than children has been dead due to fever. And he is busy to know the crock score.
| Has even one person gone to jail for the 'Tukde Tukde' slogans?: , AIMIM Spokesperson, on Uttar Pradesh government's ordinance against anti-national activities on campus' at .
Perception. shd b able to reach to d core of d perception. Relegns R nothng bt perceptions of some indvdls lk Prince Siddarth who ws Budda, Jesus who wntd love unconditionally, Mohammad who wanted2b in Bliss/Rooh. Bt Sanaathan Dharm is nt perception.
A useless and antisocial person whose job is to spread hatred against Muslims cant be eected to say anything logical. Full time this antisocial person is engaged in opposing whatever is related to Muslims. That is her real reason for this nonstop रंडी रोना.
Spent time with my Mother and sought her blessings.
AIMIM President Barrister Congratulates the Speaker and said a speaker must ensure the elected government does not become a monarchy. He reminds the Speaker of his discretionary powers and says it must be upheld.
Manninay Chairman, 'Be with your people, stand with you in happiness and sorrow, no one is so cowardly that without a struggle you must have a co-operation, blessings, love and affection, just don't forgive the wrongdoer.' The atrocities that have been going on in the face of false cases will have to be brought back when the time comes and we are not going to continue to bless all the poor people.
Yogi is best management for up police
PM Shri with PM of Japan and President of US in a Trilateral Meeting of JAI (Japan-America-India) on margins of Summit in Osaka, Japan.
Commissioned in , the then Dufferin Bridge took only years to build. In , it was renamed as Malviya Bridge. It remains one of the most recognizable structures of Varanasi.
Yes I know You have inch Chest but why we cannot buy Oil,S400 Missile,5g Technology from Iran, Russia & China,why are you Scare of Trump:
Article is the temporary provision in the Constitution of India: Home Minister Shri in Lok Sabha
| Syed Asim waqar Spokesperson Angry on at
BJP Working President Shri being felicitated by PM Shri , BJP National President Shri and other senior leaders at BJP Parliamentary Party meeting in New Delhi.
Jharkhand Killing th Mob Attack In , Minorities Targeted More: Data … “9pm Nationalist will say please don’t provoke “,as they are blinded by love of Supreme Leader lago rahe hum shikar hain aur slogan Lagane wale SHIKARI & Trillion by w/o %?
Still you are best choice for U.P Mukhya Mantri congratulations for Azamgarh win .
why only hijab you can remove ur all clothes u r creating propoganda against islam and muslim women u think hijab has problem for muslim women development so i can remember u such lady नाम इंसाफ रखने से इंसाफ नही हो जाता अगर इतनी ही चिंता है तो मुस्लिम औरतों की शिक्षा के लिए लड़ो
Happy birthday to you God gave you a long life
Who will you give the award of biggest chutiya among the two chutiyas Rt for st chutiya Like for nd chutiya My vote goes to samosewala
Akbaruddin Owaisi returns home to Hyderabad.
protest rally against the Lynching of at silver dove school ground to Randhir verma chowk Dhanbad Jharkhand on -6-19.
Just returned to Delhi after Election Campaigning in Bihar & UP. First thing in the morning I will visit the grief stricken Tyagi family in Basaidarapur at AM
Losing is okay, but not even trying to win is sad...
Thank you for the warm welcome home! Proud to serve as dean of Lindner College of Business. Let’s go, Bearcats!
If I heard it right, the mob is saying 'Allah-o-Akbar' and 'Naara-e-Takbeer'?
Super excited to share a new addition to my family n life.. Delivered a baby boy.. Thanks for all ur wishes n support.. Wil b back in action soon..
'Personal Knowledge Graphs: A Research Agenda' w/ accepted as a short paper at
Definition of FOOL as per , “a silly or stupid person; a person who lacks judgment or sense / a clown” Why etc are tolerating him?
Ramalingam was murdered brutally by Muzlim men, day after his video of confronting Izlamic preachers went viral. His hands were chopped off and he was tortured before he was murdered. How many prime time debates did you see on this lynching? How many people in power did it pain?
Violence has no place in any Civil Society. Mukherjee Nagar incident is sad and condemnable. Free and fair enquiry should be done , so that no innocent should be punished and guilty should be brought to book.
Look forward to solutions for the financial market
Minorities in India dont have to live in fear but the Govt in power which has taken oath on the Constitution is not doing enough. It is the Govt which has to take the responsibility because in Jharkhand in last yrs incidents of Mob haven taken place:
Your next step is to make your political field to close
Statutory Resolution on Central Educational ( Reservation in Teachers' Cadre ) Ordinance and Legislative Business( Bill for Consideration and Passing)- The Central Educational Institutions (Reservation in Teachers' Cadre) Bill, . …
Our biggest fans this week: warispathan, AimimFansClub, ShaukatAli_77. Thank you! via …
Is this happened in Uttar Pradesh ? If so, that will be alarming situation of law in order in state. Enough is enough
Shame that an elderly man became the latest victim of hate and mob violence. The video of this man begging the crowd on his knees represents the condition of our democracy which will tumble over if BJP comes back to power.
You should watch this then you will feel why scholarship is given.
Great win Team India well played ... अब वर्ल्ड कप में India -Pakistan Result sounds familiar...
… in Pune a boy was set on fire by Muslims because he was a Hindu, his dying statement on camera confirms that. No hearts bled for him. Hindu lives are cheap and comes without a pricetag.
While Chanting ‘Allah O Akbar’ and ‘Naara E Takbeer’, Mob Vandalises Temple In Delhi’s Chandni Chowk … via
Great initiative. Let performers only get recognitions. No free lunches. Thank you Operation cleanup: Govt looks to remove dead wood in bureaucracy - The Financial Eress
•In it was decided in New Zealand that a marriage could be dissolved if a man was adjudged to be insane for a period of at least seven years.
Why don't you declare the cow a national animal? BJP has banned beef in hindi belt but not in northeast states. BJP's no beef ban in northeast states ees its dual politics. :-
Delhi Govt school Class X results —99.1% —99.23% —99.45% —98.81% Under AAP Govt —95.81% —89.25% —92.44% —68.90% —71.58% AAP has destroyed education in Delhi govt schools but Paid Media propaganda calling it Education Revolution by Kejriwal
/// to know about Islam, one should study the holy Qur'an
Islam has given exceptions to man for giving in three different times followed by specific interval of time.
Aimim Floor Leader & (Chairman Salar E Millat Educational Trust) Janab Sahab Laying Foundation Stone of at Owaisi School of Excellence, Jamal Colony , branch
A cleaning waste spread by us for her family. Since they also have to survive. An example how our is chocking others lifeline. Eye opener.
To get in depth knowledge on how foreign exchange risk can be managed using realtime information terminal, attend today’s seminar at Bengal National Chamber of Commerce & Industry from industry eerts , ECGC, &
Instant triple talaq violates the rights of women and is not a part of Islamic teaching. There must be a proper interval between each talaq. Also, it is one of the most displeasing acts in the sight of Allah.
And Yy Silent On This News ?? Now ALL Brothers And Sisters SEE The How INNOCENT & Attacks on at Lal Quan Delhi in 'Stone_Peter's' Style
“And if you all are in doubt about what I have revealed to My servant, bring a single chapter like it, and call your witnesses besides God if you are truthful.” (Quran :23)
Congratulations To win AzamgarhAnd stagity is very good for uttar pradesh You are The Next CHIEF MINISTER OF UP IN
The Holy Quran urges reconciliation in every three stages of divorce and also gives time for reconciliation after every divorce so that the spouses can change their mind and reunite together once again.
Attack on any place of worship or worshippers is an attack on the very pluralism & diversity of our dear country. This act of vandalism is highly condemnable & I demand that the culprits be prosecuted & convicted in a time-bound manner
Congratulations sir may God bless you
After the भाषण on the fear, hatred for by the chief, trolls, bullying of have not, repeat not stopped on social media. Old habits die hard They will not change. ुत्ते की दुम है सब के सब...
Tension in: -Mirzapur: Radicals beat up Man going to Temple -Meerut: Boys fire toy guns outside Temple to spread fear. -Madaidih: Mob attacked People returning from funeral. -Dilari: Radicals killed Man for accusing them of daughter’s kidnapping. Kuch mat bolo Secularism hai
About billion tonnes of ice melt each year. Read more:
Home Minister Shri 's reply on bills to approve the President’s rule & Reservation (Amendment) in J&K, Rajya Sabha on 7.2019.
Missed Call Membership only for UttarPradesh Join Feel the Power of Unity
Wish is listening Don't spare criminals: Eminent Muslims from Bengal tell CM Mamata Banerjee - India News
How’s the Josh? IAF- flying High sir How are the terrorists? IAF- died sir
This Hate speech of AIMIM President Barrister will leave you blank, you may disagree with him but you cannot ignore his words. What he speak is clear facts this video elains Muslim leadership in todays atmosphere very well, do listen!
My week on Twitter : Mentions, 7K Mention Reach, 8K Likes, Retweets, Replies. See yours with …
Excellent! Proactive measures like this will go a long way in conserving water.
Under the able leadership of Hon. PM Modi, Higher Education, Dept. MHRD has prepared the Education Quality Upgradation and Inclusion Programme (EQUIP).This five year plan will be implemented during -24. The report, submitted to me was prepared by about eerts .
I'm Stand Against President Speech, Aurangabad,Amethi & Ghuna Seats Won By Commoners dynasty/Elite loss,this is Beauty of our Election :
'Thousands of candles can be lighted from a single candle, and the life of the candle will not be shortened. Happiness never decreases by being shared'- Gautam Buddha
Congratulations to 's for winning the title. Best wishes for the pageant in Thailand.
“3 Golden Rules... Who is helping you, Don't FORGET them. Who is loving you, Don't HATE them. Who is trusting you, Don't CHEAT them” ~
We feel highest pride in this world to declare that India had great Hindu Warrior Empress Laxmibai Ji. She fought bravely in her political life with wisdom as well as battle in battlefield with cruel britishers. Her revolt of triggered other Hindu Kings ्ष्मीबाई
West Bengal CM Mamata took a torch from her aide on dias thinking it to be mic and began bashing Modi
Extremely anguished by the fire tragedy in Surat. My thoughts are with bereaved families. May the injured recover quickly. Have asked the Gujarat Government and local authorities to provide all possible assistance to those affected.
Minister moves The Central Educational Institutions (Reservation in Teachers' Cadre) Bill, via
Jharkhand mob attack: Hate crimes continue? AIMM Chief on
Presenting 's Away Jersey What do you make of this one guys?
Congrats Bhai on historical win from North East Delhi constituency against time CM of Delhi.Your commitment, consistent hard work,team spirit towards removing dynasty ruled Congress & Kejriwal from Delhi is commendable. Salute Jai Hind
I am Thankful To Mr and Sahab for creating BAHRAICH
No Muslim MP from your party comes. Who is keeping them behind? You. There's a difference b/wtheir words&ideology. Narasimha Rao was responsible for Babri Masjid demolition, despite being PM he couldn't do anything. Now there's Modi who wants to work on his ideology.
Real Heroine of first war of India freedom, ्ष्मीबाई
I have vowed to take an uncompromising stand against drug users and dealers. Today, I raised this issue in the Maharashtra Assembly and spoke about the drug raids I have conducted in my constituency.
What a great moment of courage and resilience by Baloch brothers! Plane with 'Justice for Balochistan' flying over Leeds stadium in United Kingdom during Afg Vs Pak World Cup match. Embarrassment for Pakistan Army which has been killing, torturing and abducting Baloch people.
Be a little drop of love In someone's ocean of pain
It took too long (more than I like) to get to this... kind of an outlook style calendar in ... not because you can you should...
How could they kill a little baby and that too so brutally. I am in shock and disgust. The culprits should be tortured to death. Nothing less.
Our biggest fans this week: asadowaisi, warispathan, AimimFansClub. Thank you! via …
India is proud of all those brave men and women martyred in the line of duty. Paid tributes to our brave soldiers at the Rashtriya Samar Smarak. Our Government will leave no stone unturned to safeguard India’s unity and integrity. National security is our priority.
Why All is Silent On This News This is Not This is Not This is My 'Peaceful_Muslims' Attack on at Lal Kuwa 'Old_Delhi'
If the Qazi sees that this case is not instigated by immorality, he can direct for this separation to take place.
“Moreover, things are getting worse for Muslims, likely as a result of a lack of quotas. Since the mid-1950s, intergenerational mobility—the opportunity for a boy to do better in life than his father—has improved for scheduled castes and scheduled tribes, but fallen for Muslims.”
It looks like Petrol Pump guys
Under Islamic law, divorce can be pronounced twice in which the option of reunion is allowed
Best couple in d world wish u happy marriage life
is a like a rogue state. Some of our politicians should learn from Bangladesh halts visas for Pakistani nationals amid diplomatic impasse
Come road....u people are next generation leaders...but come on road else people will lost hope
Congratulations Akhileshji.. make perfect strategies and execute them with Mayawatiji and Rahulji for the next UP Assembly elections...
Tune in to hear Mann Ki Baat on th June via NaMo App
The Congress leader himself lost in Amethi & received victory in Wayanad. Isn't the % population of Wayanad Muslim? (09.06.2019)
Follow this link to join my WhatsApp group:
On we should always remember that the Bombay High Court had previously struck them down for lack of empirical evidence; however, at the same time it’s upheld reservation in education for Muslim backward castes in order to bring the community in the mainstream
AIMIM, VBA to contest assembly polls together.
Madam ji pls also raise your loud voice against the eus of Kashmiri pandits by your so called 'डरा हुआ मुसलमान ' who raped,butchered,acid attacked hindu women just because of their religion..pls also raise your voice against the slogan'kashmir mein rehna hai toh Allah hu akbar
Sir UPA will get yours kindly form govt. Best of luck
Wasim Akram - 'Kumble had got nine wickets and me and Waqar (Younis) were batting in the crease. Waqar came to me and said 'How about getting run out?' so that Kumble does not get his th wicket.''
Do you even know about your religion, attention twitter!!!!
Alright ... Looks like instructions have gone out to the Left Liberal to make sure a big bastion is not lost by Didi next year, so leave no stone unturned. Start by making Mahua Moitra as the Poster Girl of TMC in the Lok Sabha taking the fight to the house of brute majority.
Congratulations to all those who took oath today. This team is a blend of youthful energy and administrative eerience. It has people who have excelled as Parliamentarians and those who have had distinguished professional careers. Together, we will work for India’s progress.
Best Totichor in the worldproud you sir
Weather won the toss and choose to rain first
Nobody in this world is yours author, It's just a play!
This is big. footballer of the year as well as stars wishing Good luck coach & team, ahead of starting today
This is huge ... No one will be spared
Way of giving talaq is different u mullas give talaq instantly and at will..... While non muslim can't give talaq, they have to go to court... So stop Ur nonsense
'You are the referee of this House, you have a lot of discretionary powers, I hope you will support and protect us”. Barrister requested the newly-elected Speaker Om Birla to ensure that the elected government doesn't become a monarchy.
Parliament proceedings live updates | AIMIM leader Asaduddin Owaisi says the Speaker must ensure the elected government should not become a monarchy.
Great start by Team India in the World Cup .. let’s Lift the trophy Well played
A lot of citizens also wrote to me that they miss .
Prime Minister of Antigua Gaston Browne says fugitive jeweller 's citizenship to be revoked. Choksi to be repatriated to India. ``It is not a case that we are trying to provide safe harbour to criminals, for those involved in financial crimes.' Breaking on
Shri Vijender Yadav from AAP joins BJP in the presence of State President Shri and North-West Delhi MP Shri .
Please answer these, so called Author, Secular Humanist, Feminist, Physician Tasleema Nasreen, Who made you physician? Who taught you the words you speak? Did they humans invented languages? Are they able to invent one more for the sake of being truthful?
ET TU, BRUTE wants to know
Just curious and outraged that you are a Bengali. Im overwhelmed by you BENGALIS. Coz, you ppl never cease talking and writing(blabbering). even if you're being screwed-up in arse by your long lost Bangladesi Mulla COUSINS. भोसड़ीके भद्रलोक चूत्यों बंगालियों। You're the worst
Oh really, who promised you years sister, what if you sleep and didn't wake up tomorrow, i have seen many people died like that, healthy people, having no past health issues, died without any preparations
Mohammad Sabir gave to Zainab when she asked ₹30 to purchase vegetables & beaten her on road. FIR registered u/s A in Noida. Sabir has children over yr of marriage.
Are hindu girls' lives' for free?
Our new Mind Mapping tool maintains a good balance of simplicity and function and helps you bring your ideas to life. Give it a try and don't hesitate to share your feedback with us!
Yes there is a big difference when I leave twitter and in daily life when I see a Muslim in problem, old I stand and offers my seat, I pay extra money to poor irrespective of which religion they belong to. पिताजी के दोस्त को प्रणाम करता, वो मुसलमान है. नफरत उतनी नहीं है अभी .
Barrister Asaduddin Owaisi’s reply to the President’s Address in Lok Sabha.
Condemning this inhuman and barbaric act of terrorism, proudly claimed by terrorist Taliban, I underline the need to bring perpetrators, organizers, financiers and sponsors of this reprehensible acts of terrorism to justice.
Sir, u have to do something for changing the mentality, people do not remember the work u had done in your ruling period, they only remember sensitive speeches, religion base dibates,and how u can manipulate some sensitive issues towards your advantage. So please don't do honest politics.. Now u have to play dirty.
A Bench headed by Justice SA Bobde, on July , will start hearing arguments to decide whether interim order should be passed to stay the implementation of the Constitution Amendment of % reservation to economically weaker section of the general category.
Aurangabad MP st Speech at th Lok Sabha.
It was wonderful listing to you... God bless you long way to go... We are with you Modiji
Supreme Court issues notice to Mamata Banerjee's govt over delay in release of BJYM leader Priyanka Sharma following her arrest over a meme
Sir Pls raise voice about Taj City . I am very sad to see the condition of Agra city today. Only Taj Mahal and Red fort is beautiful but I think fully city should look clean. Worst condition of city, Stations, bus stations etc.
Yeah a proud moment for India. But when it comes to our country we will only put Gandhi pic on our notes as if there is no other great Indian in our year civilisation history. Why have we reduced India to a one man one party one history nation ?
Departure Statement of Prime Minister ji for Osaka Summit via NaMo App
ICC says colour options were given to BCCI and they chose what they felt went best with the colour combination. The whole idea is to be different as England also wears a same shade of blue as India. The design is taken from India’s old T20 jersey which had orange in it.
I am confident that under the leadership of Shri and Shri , and powered by the hardwork of our Karyakartas, the BJP will continue winning people’s trust and serving our society. We remain committed to building a strong, developed and inclusive India.
What A Victory Tremendous effort by the boys.
National Spokesperson Syed asim waqar will be live on tonight at :57pm with .
Shri is a diligent Karyakarta of the Party, who has risen through the ranks due to his hardwork and organisational skills. Humble and affable, he is widely respected across the BJP family. Congratulations to him on becoming the Working President of the Party.
Mohammad Shahrukh Haldar, a madarsa teacher asked to chant 'Jai Sri Ram' by a mob comprising right-wing extremists in a local train in Kolkata. Initially, bullied for sporting beard and skullcap. [Info, link in next tweet]
National Spokesperson Janab live on
Glimpses From Today Jalsa E Yaad E Salar E Millat R.A at Yakhutpura Railway Station Hyderabad!
India Post Payments Bank provides doorstep banking services by Postmen and Gramin Dak Sewaks in rural areas. Now 3 lakh smartphones and biometric devices are connected digitally through App.
Peaceful.. attempt... ा_हुआ_मुसलमान Peaceful Most poisonous dangerous nd hypocritic crooked journalist will never tell you about this ...becoz this incident will not suits their malicious divisive agenda
This old man was beaten mercilessly & harassed by the men you see in video. The old man is now in Coma & suffering without any fault while men who framed him in a false case are roaming freely No action has been taken against them. Such blatant injustice CM Ji
True love requires faith, trust and loyalty. Not chocolate, flowers and eensive gifts...
My week on Twitter : Mentions, Mention Reach, 6K Likes, Retweets, 9M Retweet Reach. See yours with …
England won the match because तेरे जैसे रंडी के बीज ही गुलामी करते थे उनकी
Heartly congratulations, for your success in parliament elections .Almighty Allah bless you, for आज़मगढ़
Be your own inspiration! Burpees are something which I enjoy the most (4 rounds, reps). From Fat (176 pounds) to Fit (139 pounds). Hum fit to India Hit! Thanks for your motivation and tips.… …
Chandigarh: A girl attacks a man with a rod near Tribune Chowk after their cars rammed into each other What's use of all talk of Modi's woman empowerment, if they can't even allowed to do violence on streets
THIS IS EPIC Q: Who do you think should become CM of Delhi? A: Kejriwal, He has done lot of work Q: Really? then why he lost general election? A: He hasn't, EVMs were rigged Q: Whom you voted for? A: I voted for CONGRESS
President Barrister Asaduddin Owaisi slams PM Modi & said tell where has our transport aircraft disappeared from rd June, and Ma shaa Allah our Media is too intelligent they said that aliens came from the sky and took it with themselves: /2
Best of luck and God bless you
Thankful to the people of Ahmedabad for coming to bless us this evening.
Let's be Indians: Firstly and Lastly Presenting in cinemas on June th
God asks us to follow these injunctions for our own benefit. A pure society will result not only in salvation but in prosperity.
AIMIM National Spokesperson with his views on Triple Talaq in Parliament
On this day, years ago was launched, to leverage the power of technology and make technology more accessible. Digital India has empowered people, significantly reduced corruption and improved public service delivery to benefit the poor.
Legislative Business :Bill for Consideration And Passing: The Central Educational Institutions(Reservation In Teachers' Cadre) Bill, . …
COMPLETE SPEECH ASADUDDIN OWAISI ADDRESSED JALSA-E-YAAD-E-SALAAR-E-MILLAT ! th JUNE .
Loved the gold & white combination on the pitch? has another cricket shoe for you inspired by my one8 Gold Spike Collector’s Edition. It’s definitely got my .
The photo of this father and his young daughter is horrific. It is just one painful example of so many that demonstrate the reckless disregard for basic humanity that have come from Trump's policies. /
Had a Breakfast with Moroccan Tea at Embassy with the Ambassador HE Mr Mohammed Maliki ... Lunch meeting with Respectable Ji at my residence. Honour to have you at my home .
Wow, that's a wonderful truth that needs to be told to each and every Indian. I am sure, most of us are unaware of this, since the media never show this to us. Thank-you very much ji for sharing this.
It wont affect to alia but it will effect to your TRP...भोसडीके
After Pulmawa Attack How Many ' 'Raw & IB' Officer's were Suspended:
Ramalingam murder: Man who headed dawah team arrested in Tamil Nadu
Uttarakhand will be nd state after Assam to ban people from contesting Panchayat election. This is very welcoming step towards .
If three Talaq's are pronounced in a single session then the spouses are not given an opportunity to reconcile.
Na Mo is talking about one Nation one Election, One Nation One ration card and we had already had One Nation one Railway net work and also we had one Nation one power supply (in cases of power crises states are buying power even from far eastern statesNa Mo is talking about one Nation one Election, One Nation One ration card and we had already had One Nation one Railway net work and also we had one Nation one power supply (in cases of power crises states are buying power even from far eastern states…
People are being beaten up if they do not raise slogans of JSR (Jai Shri Ram) & VM (Vande Mataram). Such incidents aren't going to stop. Only Muslims&Dalits are being targeted. There are orgs behind such incidents&all of them are linked to Sangh pariwar.
EVMs were first used in . In , Parliament gave them legal sanction through a law. In , Congress govt framed rules for their use. So far, State Assembly & Lok Sabha elections have been held using them. Courts have given positive verdicts on them: PM
Doing Tadasana properly would enable you to practice many other Asanas with ease. Know more about this Asana and its benefits.
AIMIM UP Chief Shaukat Ali addressing a Press Conference at District Jaunpur, UttarPradesh
Are India’s minorities living in fear? Chief, AIMIM on
Just crossed million followers and the highest in India in interactive twitter, I am informed.
Christina Lioma: Newly appointed professor. First woman in Denmark to obtain a higher doctorate degree in computer science. Successful research career within
The Central Education Institutes (Reservation In Teachers' Cadre) Bill, in Lok Sabha. …
Here are some more pictures from the swearing-in ceremony. Grateful for everyone’s blessings. The occasion was made even more special by the participation of esteemed world leaders. I thank them for being a part of today’s programme.
No days off ‍. Nothing can be done without hardwork.
No need to be jingoistic about match. It's a game that teaches you respect. Best wishes to Team India. Go India go!
Mgb swept all the up, /80 seats. Maya will be the next pm and akhilesh deputy pm. Hahahahhahaha
Akhilesh sir Accept new challenges and chhange indian politics.
Mumbai Airport runway shut, schools closed, train stations flooded, but the newspapers arrived in my house on time & dry! I have to salute those quiet, unsung heroes who brave torrential rain just so we can eerience a ‘normal day.’
Bangladeshi Islamic terrorists are in India. India should not be a safe haven for them.
Hi guys : pls follow me on tiktok like my videos Check out Neelam Goyal's video!
'Dhoni should bat at No.4 and eress himself freely', reckons on presents
This is the funniest thing you will see today!
Out... ! What a start by . Cheers.
Golden wording of sahab in parliament
Impressive i wish this exercise takes place all over India, we all will sooner or later face a calamity
Indian sexy girl Full sex videoुल चुदाई
When you got average marks in exam... And ur Dad is like... :- वो िश्राजी के ी को देखा ? You:- हा dad.. She is so . :- िने मैं रिश्ते की बात नही कर रहा, उसके ार्क्स देख out of है.. मेरी ्पल कहा है!
Arfa Khanum Sherwani chose to interview the wrong man- Arif Mohammad Khan who ees her bigotry & hypocrisy & shows mirror to musIims who turn blind eye to ills in their own religion. Huge amount of Respect for Arif Saheb for his philosophy & what he says at end
It violates Article and of the Constitution. The government does not care about Muslim women, says AIMIM MP on in Lok Sabha.
Best wishes for alliance It showed that while having skills you did alliance with unskilled politicians Even a child can tell you the truth.Best wishes for allianceIt showed that while having skills you did alliance with unskilled politiciansEven a child can tell you the truth.…
I listened using AIR radio available on mobile app. Its very convenient..normal radio either volume had to be loud or sit near. Mobile app of AIR can carry anywhere
Today is international day against drug abuse and illicit trafficking. In support I say 'say no to drugs.' A little effort from you can achieve a lot. Let’s do our bit
We are condemning all such incidents. Justice should be done, should not be linked to religion and the guilty, irrespective of their community, should be punished : President
AIMIM Byculla MLA Adv along with Dr & son Hasan Owaisi at Masjid e Nabvi, Medina Shareef
For those who disbelieved claim about and wanted more details BALAKOT: MORE DETAILS REVEALED
No bank has the power to employ bouncers for forceful recovery of loans from customers: Anurag Thakur (), Union Minister of State for Finance
For stop all these incidents Rahul Gandhi, Akhilesh Yadav and Mamta Banarji Should resign.
I am with my friend Amarprjt kumar visvas भोसडीके
I hope BJP remembers Constitution and death of so many children:
Where I talk about my own cricketing days & why I think Dhoni is essential for our world cup victory.
Be very careful to make such statements.
India's bowlers run riot around the West Indies batsmen, making them capitulate as continue their unbeaten run! Watch , discuss the game with on presents
PM ji arrives in Osaka to attend summit.
Aimim President visited Bum-Rukum-Ud-Dowla lake opposite NPA today alongwith , ZCs & team & Revenue officials.. also inspected other long pending issues near Falaknuma.
I pray Almighty God for Netaji good health and early recovery.
A student of Aligarh Muslim University 'Mohd. Shaharul Khan' who is perusing Xll (PCM) bearing Enrolment No. - GJ9167 has been diagnosed with 'Brain Tumour' and is referred to AIIMS from… …
A PhD student at University of Florida hanged himself just before he was supposed to present his paper at ISCA . This story claimed the reason is that his advisor has falsified the eeriments for the paper and he couldn't live with pressure.
I congratulate for victory against !
Tune in to ET Now tomorrow at :30 PM where I will be discussing income & how it can be improved, with distinguished panelists from the world of banking and at the ET Skymet..
year old Charulata Patel who was seen cheering for India in the stands during match: India will win the world cup. I pray to Lord Ganesha that India wins. I bless the team always.
Some sissy called Ajai Shukla claimed I didn't have the 'guts and stature' to walk on the street in Srinagar. Sharing a video I just recorded while driving in Srinagar. I've been staying less than km away from Lalchowk. I have a threat to my life. But haven't sold my conscience.
Lutyens Journalists including Ravish, Abhisar, PP Bajpai, Ashutosh, etc discussing saffronization of Indian cricket team Jersey in this fake WhatsApp group chat. Please do read and give feedback.
I guess you have gone through many exams and interviews in your life and career, you eect good outcomes when you're prepared, and the life you're talking about is just hardly months of which hardly months of youth as you said you will live or should say enjoy!
I am still hopeful of getting our place in the country. We don't want alms, we don't want to survive on your alms : … via
I urge my fellow Indians to wholeheartedly support the . Let us leave no stone unturned in strengthening the mass movement to conserve water.
Please save t EVM from manipulations,U will clean sweep
You both are now exit from politics
PM must understand and i am sure he understands now that these are the forces which have been unleashed by the sister organisations of the BJP & RSS. They have created a Frankenstein which is a threat to Right to life & Right to life belongs to a Human Being:
Muslim Man Assaulted Three Years Ago Approaches Police To Add ‘Was Asked To Chant Jai Shri Ram’
They have sold their soul to the डरा हुआ मुसलमान। I dare them to reply.
HM addresses the inaugural session of the annual conference on capacity building of SDRFs, Civil Defence, Home Guards & Fire Services.
Commemorating the great warrior queen Laxmibai of Jhansi on her death anniversary. One of the bravest women the world has seen! ्ष्मीबाई
Beating in their home is a commendable performance. Congrats our new coach
Now this is something which genuinely demands an appreciation. What couldn't do the hard working MP ensures it gets done . …
Noida: Man asks daughter, her husband to vacate house to accommodate new wives, booked
Pls. also mention that Mewat is an area area inhabitated by Mewati Muslims. It comprises parts of Haryana (Gurugram) and Rajasthan (Bharatpur and Alwar). These areas are crime infected and Hindus fear to live in these areas. डरा हुआ मुसलमान!
I am glad to share that Jawahar Navodaya Vidhyalayas have done exceptionally well in JEE Advanced and NEET examination with % and 2% respectively. Congratulations to all successful candidates.
How does plan to empower with ₹16.66 and ₹8.33 per month at pre and post-metric levels respectively for Muslim students?
Question Hour in lok Sabha. Right to education. …
lazydocker : A simple terminal UI for both docker and docker-compose : …
AIMIM president said that BJP should answer why its ministers in the previous J&K government attended a rally in support of the accused in the Kathua case.
BREAKING: Malda turns sensitive. Kaliachak area that saw a full blown riot in turns violent after a Muslim youth was allegedly beaten to death on suspicion of theft. Now, shops of Hindus and a Hindu woman are allegedly attacked.
Yesterday Headingley Stadium: Plane trailing banners calling for 'Justice for Balochistan, & can kill us but Its brutal army cannot stop our voice in whole world.
Divorce may be initiated by either husband or wife. If the husband seeks the divorce, it is called Talaq. If the wife wants the divorce, it is called khula.
On the instructions of President Sahab, In the Leadership of Nampally MLA , Mehdipatnam Corporator , Nampally Corporators Meeting with Water works officials regarding status of Sanctioned Works for Nampally Constituency
I thank the Hon’ble CM UP Sri Yogi Adityanath ji for his encouraging words of appreciation for UPPolice . This will motivate the force further to strive harder towards having a zero tolerance towards crime and criminals & win the confidence of people.
Donning the orange-blue jersey, unbeaten India seek to seal semifinal spot against desperate England. On presents , , and discuss the rip-roaring encounter.
Remembering Shri PV Narasimha Rao Ji on his birth anniversary. A great scholar and veteran administrator, he led the nation at a crucial juncture of our history. He will be remembered for taking pioneering steps that contributed to national progress.
- Stunning reality of Vinod Kapri's adoption 'game' comes out. Nagore collector Dinesh Yadav tells all. No adoption procedure even initiated till date While kapri fakes her rescue story, takes credit for adoption and disappeares quitely. Listen to collector.
year old Charulata Patel who was seen cheering for India in the stands during match: I have been watching cricket for last many decades, from the time I was in Africa. Earlier I used to watch on TV when I was working, but now that I am retired I watch it live.
Did you know that Syed Ali Shah Geelani had given a shutdown call yesterday (Friday) in support of so called 'political prisoners'? Not a single shop was shut in Srinagar. Life was normal in Kashmir. Infact traffic jam in many areas. Thugs of Hurriyat can't fool Kashmiris now.
What is the definition of Minority? What are the parameters to identify Minority? Who is Minority in these States Campaign will be launched on th July pm from India Gate. Pl join with family & friends िधान_एक_संविधान मांग रहा है हिंदुस्तान
Before abusing me, kindly elain these posts shared by Vinod, your husband. Which 'Indian Couple' is being shown in the gulf news as rescuers? Why is he thanking all (and pat his back) on tweet? What role did he had to play when she was already rescued? …
world Muslim population elosion is real & will permanently change course of human civilization. If BJP not take it biggest challenge n control the population, Dark days r Ahead. What has not happened in last K yrs will happen in next years!
Historic moment for entire India. Congratulations to Shri ji on being sworn in as the Prime Minister of India for a second consecutive term. I am sure India will continue to scale new heights under your able leadership.
Meanwhile, after seeing the batting of Sohail and then replying to his hubby
If Kasab was alive today, even he would have claimed that Tukaram Omble forced him to chant Jai Shri Ram, and voila!
| Projections for the state of Bihar are out, CVoter projects seats for the NDA and Jan Ki Baat projects -31 seats for the NDA Tune in to watch it LIVE here -
Congratulation for winning seat in up
This is ur also responsibility ,and every Indian responsibility ,make governance ,and help government, u should not , always ,see government , u also Indian citizen ,
Al the best. Win at least seats in up
Wish You A Very Happy Birthday Naqeeb-E-Millat The Leader Forever Party President Barrister
The veil affords women modesty, respect and dignity and protects herself from harm and the evils of society by covering her beauty.
How To Add Authority To Your Website For YMYL Topics Instantly …
Accident at Keshwan area of Kishtwar near Sirgwari, reportedly Mini BusJK17 full of passengers has fell into a deep gorge. More than passengers killed and many others are seriously injured Another accident in J&K, questioned administration on the poor traffic management ?
Jharkhand President Janab Hubban malik Sahab Addressed to media.
Each of the divorce must be pronounced with a stipulated interval of time between each pronouncement
He is -yr-old Harswaroop Chauhan. His only sibling, Gangaram, has been lynched by neighbours. A poor man, Harswaroop now has responsibility of two families - his own as well as Gangaram's that comprise his wife & children, including minors Hope helps the family
Peace of graveyard or peace of mind, asks
The humble on the sacrifice day of symbolizing of unbelievable , women empowerment, sacrificing their lives for freedom of the with bravery .. ्ष्मीबाई
Happy Birthday to Sh Ji, God bless you good health and long life sir.
