| WATCH: Sports Minister Kiren Rijiju issues statement backing MS Dhoni over 'Balidaan Badge', tells BCCI to take up the matter with ICC and keep government in the know as nation's pride is involved
No. We should remember very clearly that just admitted to treason .
Guess who would be the winner of this ? Team who gets maximum points from the abandoned matches
Corbyn is too politically intellectual for Can't wait
All the best to for another swimming competition on Sunday against .
I hope you remembered to wipe the blood off of you, after the pic was taken.
Latest design of trophy.
‘Central Park Five’ Prosecutor Elizabeth Lederer Out at Columbia Law School
Thanks for your support! Wow k. Graffiti has a massive impact nowadays, do not forget to show your own opinion! …
By wearing the over his gloves has shown his love &amp; respect for the forces. should understand that this is not related to any political/religious/racial activities This is about our
Mahendra Singh Dhoni's love for the Nation, Armed Forces and Soldiers has been intact which is truly commendable. He is Nation's Hero. No one represents our Country better than him. I stand with
I don’t know how much more I can take! is a compulsive liar!
WINNER TEAM-RAIN ICC RUN UP TEAM-RAIN ICC MAN OF THE MATCH-RAIN ICC MAN OF THE SERIES-RAIN BEST BOWLER-RAIN BEST WICKETKEPER-RAIN
Grevious assault on jr doctors in all medical colleges in WB. No action being taken for safety security and justice. PM sir please intervene asap.
ICC denies request from BCCI to allow MSD wear gloves with Army insignia.
Good work keep going just destroy the whole fucking world cup
Wow, you're full of it
All Indian spectators shd hv in ground,
What about Virat Kholi tattoos
Which is more important?
is gonna crash.
Harbor N Bay Mens Boxer Short Pack of Rs.299
ICC turns down 's request to allow to continue wearing the army insignia on his wicket-keeping gloves; ICC says regulations for ICC events do not permit any individual message or logo to be displayed on any items of clothing or equipment.
. ICC on Dhoni's gloves Vs .ICC planning the World Cup
Senior of greeted with applause &amp; ovation by after they came back submitting . Hear them. This is not orchestrated. This is not paid stunt. These are docs mass-resigning in protest.
Empty podiums make too much noise
world cup reality
Disgusting! And they don’t change their culture or come up with vetting system or preventative ways to stop this from occurring. This will continue to happen. The Catholic Church needs to go!
GOQii VITAL - Colour Display Blood Pressure Monitor Rs.1999 (mrp-3499)
doctors have already resigned in . NRS SSKM National medical college RG Kar North Bengal college Murshidabad Rampurhat Burdwan
Hi everyone, I'm in Kolkata and just thought I'd let you know about some crazy goings on in the medical world here, which has become front page news. Recent years have seen a rise in violence against doctors, often the most junior.
Worst ever world cup arrangement in cricket history No swimming pool, gym in hotel.
fuck you and go fuck yourself you piece of shit someone get this asshole a jail cell for his birthday
Donald Trump lies. Happy !
Of all the retired NFL players, why is it that you DON’T suffer from CTE? You should be at the bottom of a pool you mistook for an elevator.
The Telegraph´s use of the word ´crown´ with regard to Boris Johnson just says it all.
| No doctor wishes to stop emergency services: Dr Sayantan Banerjee, Resident doctor, AIIMS (Relative of assaulted Dr Paribaha Mukherjee)
No worries because there will be on only one winner And that is . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Rains🤷 . . . .
Will score a again today? Predict and win prizes.
DON'T support a country Who has Concentration Camps againts small etnich groups and religions DON'T support the violencie and discrimination
you are zero without dhoni like captain,person...
For interest of puplic she is speaking
Now if all remaining matches will get washed NZ - Ind - Eng - Aus - WI - SL - Pak - Ban - SA - Afg - Semis Aus vs NZ (If rain doesn't stop) NZ Eng vs Ind (If rain doesn't stop) Ind Final Ind vs NZ (If rain doesn't stop) NZ - India will win
This crazy Manbaby will probably paint it gold. Not gawdy at all. ┌∏┐ (•˽•)┌∏┐
This is everything.
Where were the IMA &amp; other associations when doctors were being hounded for a year after without any fault of their own? Doctors need to stand up with each other, no matter who the assaulter is and who is in power
Hey Trump ! These lovely ladies got something to tell ya ....
I love this bill, I think they should start printing them
So basically he’s not vegan
The world will rejoice when you die.
Acoustic &amp; Electric Guitar Kits from Rs.1699 Guitars &amp; Other Musical Instruments Upto % off
Maybe should take his lips off your ass, read the report, and get with the dems and everyone else with half a brain and get YOU out of the White House! 🤷‍️
“This ruling sends a clear message that Muslim voices will not be silenced by threats and hate.” - via helped represent Mr. Obeidallah.
'C to 'C avg. temp in , in winters(avg. people feel cold +15'C) In such freezing envrmnt protect But people like kanahiya kumar referred as and supports who abuses and throw stones at
Mamta ji pls don't drag Muslims in this case no one said they won't treat any particular religion I am a muslim pls stop speculating situation based on religion Stop playing bloody politics
Are you watching, Johnson?
Well come to New Pakistan with new rates
Just this: T.R.U.M.P is ... GOOD! HE SHOULD BE!
just going to leave this here keep your eyes and mind open to how the media portray people and remember, question everything
All the best to for another swimming competition on Sunday against 🇮🇳 . 🇵🇰
Unisex Anti Trump AF T-Shirt in Extended Sizes - Small up to x
This world cup should be ban !! Rain rain rain motherfuckerr ICC Shift this world to another country or ban this world cup
Learn how to cover up the ground
🤣🤣 LMAO at the shoe-lifts, girdle-butt stance. Pathetic. But for the vomitus of lies he spews and crimes he commits🤬🤮🤬
We have waited years to see the world cup matches, not the rain. If this continues it will be very disappointing for all the fans.
Gee... where have we seen this before? Leaked docs reveal Russian effort to exert influence in Africa
Sarah Sanders is floating the idea of running for Arkansas governor, sources say
holy crap the guy was in and that's in my neck of the woods it's
: Indian Fans Unleash Their Wrath Upon ICC After Another World Cup Washout
Throwback to the time when Pak dedicated an entire match to its army and the ICC didn't even flinch. India must not be pressured by ICC and change gloves. Don't let Pak win. Boycott the WC India!
I want to know too! Thanks for asking these questions ! .
We don't need a special law. WE NEED PROPER UNBIASED ENFORCEMENT OF EXISTING LAWS. Once they are applied properly and people jailed there will be deterrence. We doctors must win back the trust of the people. This will ensure political support for us.
Top hashtags mentioning for -06-15 :00 to -06-15 :00 GMT+0
why only dhoni all the indian audience should also wear the jersey and banner with 'Balidan' Insignia. Tv channels ,news papers and wherever possible should include this insignia.
Except... Trump’s hand has already been caught in the cookie jar trying to get “dirt” on an opponent from Russia. Remember... Trump Tower?
Crabs LIVE! Covering the lies of the sleazy, cheating ! ---&gt; 'Viva La Resistance!'
Livpure Glo L RO+UV + Mineralizer Water Purifier Rs.9499 (mrp-15990) More:
The most awaited variant from - in Almond. Buy Now on with an EMI starting at just ₹2,495
Ted Bundy’s final meal. He didn’t even pick at it.
,, Dear Sir please look at this video we all met Earlier Homeminster for and Like you he also promised.
Dear this is world cup not a club cricket so please check the umpiring errors instead of gloves.
toss be like....
Instead of focusing on game, why have a unnecessary controversy. Is wearing a symbol only way to show respect. Rather Win the worldcup and dedicate it to our forces. It will give them more high n respect worldover. Its a matter of priority n focus.
Boris Johnson = chaos = stability It really is as simple as that!
What's wrong with ?? Dhoni is first a soldier then a cricketer.....
is only option TMC goons r not in control of
why is it okay?
You ??? Retweet for Like
Did my part.
Hypocrisy of the Indian elite
+ Doctors and Non Medicos walked from NRS to CNMC for our cause. History has been created as this is probably one of the biggest movement that has been carried out by the doctors.
Destroy our country? More like defending our country against a treasonous traitor in the white house!
Gabor nails it again. A voice of reason.
Few minutes left for Almond on Available with Cash back of ₹2000 and up to months No Cost EMI Quick hands on to buy it
AOC asks the FBI why they give white supremacists a pass
What it is that we will do anything to get trump the hell out there EXCEPT CHEAT LIKE TRUMP DID!!!!
Boris Johnson will lie about anything if it gives him an advantage. In the local elections he was forced to delete a tweet claiming to have just voted...BUT, there were no elections in his area! This Trump-like compulsive liar just can't stop himself...
Ian Bagg Part : He once told a feature act who asked to sell his album after the show, “Nope, they came for me, not you”
What a nasty lot contenders have eed themselves to be!
Marlon Craft - Gang Shit (Official Music Video) via
If we want to unite our country- we should commit that anyone who us scared to face a bit of public scrutiny shouldn't be allowed to run for Prime Minister...
Analysis: Sarah Sanders' legacy: The death of the White House press briefing
So it looks like the lying incompetent homophobic racist will be the next leader...well at least we’ll get a eh Boris?
It's not a windmill. It's not a fan. It's a wind turbine and it's good for the environment.
This is applaudable move by doctors. They save our lives. We must support them against the voilence.
This will not work we are not scapegoats.. centre should intervene. .
Mitch McConnell, Too, Welcomes Russian Interference
If a doctor needs to be assualted or killed for every patient who dies during treatment, then here is a list of people who also deserve the same fate.
Says the guy who killed the tree that Macron gave u for friendship n peace!!
...You're finally going to admit to something bad you did in the past? Are you for the real ? ? what you did Tell the
he is already ducking and diving the friendly candidates...God help us when it comes to to the European countries!!
.Death of Dr Payal Tadvi .Arresting of Dr kafeel khan 2 children die due to insufficient oxygen! Where were these doctors?
Vinay Tewari, Consulting Editor: Global sporting events across the world work on volunteers &amp; I'm not too sure if is so badly placed that they can't hire people as volunteers to push the cover to the ground
stands by . Condemns
I urge every Indian to send mail to icc at enquiry-cricket.com with this image asking them why he can’t keep the logo on that glove ?
Japan disagrees...they saw something 'flying in' and then hitting the boat.
In the severity of punishment for Holding just is equivalent the crime done by a or a Or Launderer or extortionist. Really amazed to see where we are Heading.
uat is doing they have objection on
Do your job
's Constant Attacks on are Merciless Attacks on 's Foundation
Is there anything our so-called President does other than eating hamberder’s in bed and watching FauxNews while tweeting?
Meanwhile ....Dhoni's Reply To ICC ......
अभी भी समय बचा हुआ है। Shift the In India. We need rain.
The whole ’s gloves controversy during , is outright immature &amp; mindless. I’d understand if there was anyone else you’d question the integrity &amp; intention of, but not this guy. He is as pure &amp; genuine an ambassador of Sport, as you’ll ever get.
Losing , or is the same level of disappointment, so is winning or it's the same level of achievement and should be rewarded with any level of celebration desired.. It's hard work rewarded, not charity!
Proactive? Directive from above !! .. it is shameful interpretation from a journalist . Every movement has a turning point ... It is Now or Never
to BCCI:: Sorry we cant allow Ms Dhoni to keep the Army Gloves. reply:: Salaam thok, Sar Jhuka, Tu dum daba, Chal Rasta naap le..
shop: Benedict Donald so called president is a traitor Short-Sleeve Unisex T-Shirt
Trump downplays the time he said he’d take help from foreign actors offering dirt on Dems
He’s had the worst numbers of any president ever. Theres not much “Lower” to go.
Pay no attention to the draft dodging charlatan behind the curtain! LOL!
English: Indian daily soaps: Bahr aapki thoo-thoo ho rhi h znab 🤣🤣
Has someone really just sent me a snap whilst doing mph in a lorry???
Which hurts you the most? Duel citizenship; or not having a sanctuary city to hide in?
Fck the US tho and
Watch our short, dark comedy, Time to Kill.
I just got back on Twitter a few weeks ago! I don’t have many followers so feel free to add me! 🤘🇺🇸
% APPROVAL TO RESIGN!!!
Call your Member of Congress
| 'We have no political colour. This is just us - doctors,' say protesting doctors at NRS Hospital in Kolkata refuting West Bengal CM Mamata Banerjee, even as doctors from across India stand with them
“getting even” ? lock up the cutlery
Wow, discussing Venezuela and actually stating that he is always right. Since is NEVER right, that is a bold (faced lie) statement. When will the nightmare end? When will congress ?
Oh Emma , Its not a competition also you already lost
| Cricket fans are venting their frustration with tweets and wondering why the ground staff could not cover the entire ground when the rain warning was given in advance. Take a look at these tweets:
This is one of the worst times to be American, because you are causing serious damage to our country. I sure don't wish you a Happy Father's Day, because everyone knows you're a terrible father.
Trump doesn’t know what the Hell he is talking about!!!! He can’t help but spew B*llshit!!! He’s a Disgrace &amp; can not get here fast enough!
Don't get me wrong there's nothing funny about what Trump said. On the other hand this is really amusing.
percent of the hate speech initially removed was restored within days, and % of these restored posts were Islamophobic in nature.Facebook in India Is Drowning in Hate Speech via
Oh he definitely would’ve sold out everybody.
$41-million settlement in 'Central Park Five' case gets final approval
You are. False journalists with agendas on none existant fabrications.
Goddamit
Amrinder Singh Malhi, President, RDA , AIIMS: All resident doctors are back to work but we will continue with symbolic protest by wearing black badges, bandages&amp;helmets. If condition worsens we will go on indefinite strike from June .
Only in America can a murderer (come on, he did it) and convicted criminal immediately get half million followers. If you’re following, you’re condoning his actions and validating him.
No lawmakers with any guts?
I'll type slowly so you can understand. The GOP originated the request for the Steele dossier before they made trump their nominee. And Steele is a Brit (ally), not russian (adversary). Clinton is not a traitor but is.
It could be the Tom &amp; Rory Show - just got to get rid of the elephant in the room ..
Dukarr 🇵🇰 Mullah's drying for business deals with 🇮🇳️ Bloody beggar's Allah ke naam de de, Chalo tamatar toh dedo !!
I love the selective memory &amp; projecting from the right when they get owned
You know what else is crazy is when a murderer has to play the race card to get off &amp; even though everyone knows he did it, he claims he’s going to find the “real” killers.
Now plz stop it...
I appeal to all doctors in and throughout country, to return to work, as only poor people suffering, I assure I shall fight against Bengal Govt and Central govt for better security doctors! Indian Medical Association
If all remaining get washed : NZ - Ind - Eng - Aus - WI - SL - Pak - Bang - SA - Afg - Semi Final Aus vs NZ (If rain continues), NZ Eng vs Ind (If rain continues), Ind Final Ind vs NZ (If rain continues), NZ - India will win jointly 🤣🤣.
What a honorable noble human being huh .
A beautiful jail cell with a beautiful notepad to write beautiful love letters to Putin, Lil Rocket Man, Xi, and MBS..oh yeah and a big beautiful painted mural of John McCain and Robert Mueller on his cell walls!
Russian elected twit is
Oak Tree Given To By Macron Dies Under Mysterious Circumstances
HUMP DAY 🤣
and his Birthday
Think about that guy, who had planned a trip to UK from India just to watch , told all his friends about it, spent lakh rupees on everything just to eerience the same old rain.
Ex army men &amp; Tory MPs Rory Stewart &amp; Tobias Ellewood shudder at the thought of Boris as Pm in the year of the th anniversary of Dday. I wonder why!
It's pretty pathetic to have a social media acct dedicated to hating someone. Ironic those people chanting things like are the same ones who say . Hypocrites.
“The One” who Slays Aussies
, think of it’s family!!!!
Happy John McCain Day Cadet Bonespurs!
Has she gone looking for any remaining fragments of her soul?
Followed Ms. Goldman yesterday and blocked the yesterday. I've followed you since that bad boy sued you. Please follow me!
Happy , !
Stop Fashion Women Kurta Rs.199 (mrp-1107) More Stop Fashion Offers
Kamala Harris’s plan to provide DREAMers a pathway to citizenship, elained
🇺🇸The best way to show your commitment to real criminal justice reform would be to get rid of the criminal in the White House. NOW!
FBI agents Struck and Paige were fired because they exercised freedom of speech speech
Correct. Now is not the time for moderation. You cannot be moderate with your head inside the tiger's mouth.
Like Seriously!!! This is what i literally tell my friends everyday!
What an inspirational woman you are Francesca...
A billion Cricket fans waited four years to watch how it rains in England and how the cricket grounds are becoming swimming pools
Akimov: The turbine is going too slow for the test to deliver any valid results, &amp; If we add mor.... Dyatlov:
i appeal to all doctors through this channel ... that if you all are doing strike then do for years for all the responsible not for the common people who are helpless.... You all are second god .......
“Ron Goldman’s sister hails him as ‘hero’ in first interview since OJ Simpson trial” Source:
I fully endorse You Sir..... This is about our ....... I am of the Opinion
Happy
Trump's GOP allies privately cringe at dirt comments
If u r living today it's bcoz of doctors.. ....
Must Listen! I Stand With NRS via
Anderson Cooper: All of Trump's threats were about nothing
Have some sense Just creating issue out of nothing
dear icc you may not know but that logo is not political nor religious it is a logo of a army regiment so ms dhoni did nothing wrong icc please research on it
I knew the police wouldn’t do anything. So I am doing something. Feel how you will. I don’t care. Just be safe. His Twitter is beardedweirdness. Don’t kill him.
He thinks that HE is the maligned one, just like Twitler. I will avoid that .
focuses on Ground instead of doing Glove issue. Already I paid for the ticket.
this winner is the incredible , undisputed ,reigning , attacker ,the powerhitter the pain none other than the england rain
and do not forget
Trump says Kim has 'kept his word' hours after Bolton said he hasn't
Here are things you must know if you're Hindu.
News is hard to take. I will hold the belief, that no matter what it looks like- This President will be gone- somehow someway. My wish- WE WOULD SHOW HIS CORRUPTION ON TV- NOW - IN IMPEACHMENT HEARINGS. PLEASE SOMEONE ELAIN to me why this isn't happening?
Progressives like this fool love these kinds of weapons
will turn out to be a swimming competition.
HAPPY JOHN MC CAIN DAY!
Pete Buttigieg just gave his first foreign policy speech. He offered clear proposals.
Whats priority in life?
Chris Georgiou - Bojo in the House via check it out, absolutely brilliant!
REMEMBER DR. KAFEEL KHAN FROM HE WAS JAILED BY GOVERNMENT‼️ SHOULD HAVE FOUGHT BACK THEN TOO‼️ ANYTHING POLITICAL ABOUT IT ‼️
You are a crook and a national embarrassment. Happy
a 'Johnson' is slang for a penis.
Japanese internment camp all over again but with latinos kids! This shit is going way too far now!! Family separation has been upgraded!!!
And what who are they going to gun down loser Trump in the WH?
Thats The Story Of Indian Batting....When Our Top-3 Clicks...We Dont Need Any Stable No.4...We Just Need Finishers🤩
'U.S. court rules against administration in immigrant teen abortion case' -
“I was such an amazing quarterback in high school, that I can tell you. Watch these year old videos...” Dolt45 loves to prove over and over again what a PATHETIC LOSER he is. Can you please for one day show just a little bit of class?
UAE investors hit as dodgy firm folds up in India
I suppose he'll be celebrating his birthday at one of his golf properties on taayer money??
BCCI should recall team India back from ICC CWC, next day hi ICC would allow to play in army uniform
Glad to see her go, hate to watch her leave. Who's up to replace her? Mad Dog Hate Speech Pirro?
Muchas Gracias a for thus great review of the edition of my pool, The and the Lecturas de Undine: RESEÑA: 'LA POETA Y EL ASESINO', SIMON WORRALL
What's wrong there!?? Rain is interrupted England! Can we see a complete match today?
If required boycott tournament.
The Press is not the enemy of the people.
It is not a 'brand logo' that he is not put for money, 'it is its symbol of pride'
Gag reflex kicking in.
Stand by the doctors , with the doctors. They need support and world needs to interfere .
I will never forget what you did to the ! Now known as the
With you there Councillor
The best part: India will host the Cricket World Cup. Just compare the Grounds, Spectators, Advertisements, Opening Ceremony, Rain Management, Schedule and Venues, And the Fan Support. That'll be enough to put the ECB to shame.
Some of the GOP in Congress I find utterly disgusting. It’s almost impossible to listen to them try to justify fucked up trump. It’s really disheartening
And he looks like a bag of guts.
Makes sense, which is tragic.
This man completely nailed Mamata, her politics and her hypocrisy.
We support Dhoni... It's pride of India...
who are these ppl replying to you and why are they annoying
I think word cup should be conducted by BCCI. ICC doesn't have enough funds to cover ground also
Walk around Adam Shifty's district and then tell me what kind of a politician he is.
| The incident happened on th and today is the th. What has been done? The hostels have been trespassed upon, the protestors have been threatened: Dr Swati, Media Representative, Resident Doctors Association, AIIMS
Trump is loyal only to Russia, Saudi Arabia, and himself.
Doctors of district headquarters hospital join all-India protest against violence on junior doctors in West Bengal by wearing black badges
This is a misconceived logic. Supporting events are held in the backdrop of different spirit. If all the teams start wearing such insignias to highlight their respective army’s sacrifices , the supporting grounds would become battle grounds.
Disappointment Remains
from my childhood I didn't watched a rainy world cup session like this. Waited years to watch this rainy cup will be shared by all the participant countries.
Salute to the Para Spl forces &amp; it's martyrs, thanks Dhoni for having the Balidan badge inUr gloves. billion Indians r paying their tribute to the Para spl forces with U. Hope good sense prevails on ICC, else it is known U pay the price for Ur own mistakes
If the wanted war with , they had their pretexts for war long ago. America fears Iran’s ambitious military program, they know the consequences that will follow will be severe. The White House has really backed themselves in a tight corner on this one.
The great thing about all the Nazis, right wingers, alt right types and the rest of the fascist maggots on Twitter is this: you can BLOCK them and UNFOLLOW them. It’s really makes me happy not to deal with or see their bullshit
Why are you on Twitter instead of out tracking down the REAL killer? Ha ha ha!!!
IMA jewels grand opening at Jayanagar interview with CEO of IMA Group Mansoor Ali khan with Media Supporter
More excited to see Dhoni's gloves than to watch Australia bat! ????
The new world cup trophy. .
Country will remember you as a soldier first,than cricketer! Are you serious ? My vote - Yes Buy Now:
I stand by the Doctors who are fighting for their respect &amp; dignity. They save our lives &amp; are like god on ground. I strongly condemn attack on them by the goons in politics.
Dear , ICC instead of banning MS Dhoni to wear gloves with BALIDAN remark please improve your umpiring You are umpiring system is the poorest and making mistrust instead fair game
The fact that you don’t know who they are speaks volumes about you.
fire meth barbie
'''Those who protect you should save themselves'' .............Thats our duty....
The silence at the abuse our female colleagues face on a daily basis is deafening.
This is a
I. can. not. wait it's
I am not satisfy this verdict. We want more than this...
should withdraw from in protest. has more honour than playing a World Cup.
Just in case you are wondering why the is in a stronghold. These people are afraid of and his sociopath behavior. But they are MORE afraid of a the data harvested by Russia “on some Republican-affiliated targets,” while digging on Hillary. Reading
Better Focus on Improving Umpiring Standards than Dhoni Gloves
Now we can add to the resume of , , , and serial sexual predator of women ! via
BBC news ask “Where’s Boris” - Cleverly “he’s been busy gaining the support of members of parliament, the people that have a vote” i.e Public opinion is irrelevant. Why would he bother trying to convince us he’s right for leadership?
He’s a LIAR 🤥 McGahn needs to testify before he’s destroyed and goes to prison. Just saying.
Today is a contest between vs It's a war between vs It will be or vs
Dear
Candle march by doctors of BHU to support the cause of NRSMC.Sir subderlal opd and elective ot also obesreved strike today on national protest day.
I just want to wish a great man a very wonderful day.... Also, ! I’d like to take this time to also say .
Is the Moby Dick wearing a crown?
Wrong! Try again...
Uh huh Could you possibly be speaking of Lockheed? It was evident prior to your ' Prince of Whales' gaffe you are the epitome of spelling challenged.Of course will not believe this till it materializes
I despise
Vs Aparna Sen and Kaushik Sen intellectuals gangs in Elained such way
According to the weatherman, there is a high chance of rain during India Vs Pakistan on June , in the ongoing Cricket World Cup. What have u done ICC
What happened in Bengal is another wistful example of intolerance. Besides,cases of wrong treatment by there are cases to of false allegations.Bcz of % cases we can't ignore the %.This is kind of violence on junior doctors is unacceptable complete.
love him because he is just like them.
yrs old girl raped and body burnt ️️️️ (Twinkle Sharma)
Name calling works!!! but you’ve got to tell the truth or it doesn’t. isn’t nervous. You are. It’s called and Donny? It’s okay. You’re right to be nervous.
🤮🤮🤮 It would appear that the entire iso the take from Russia. Why have you turned your back on America?
Jim Jordon still thinks he’s a cocky college athlete
He is so fucking stupid.
Trump is a traitor. Period.
Dear , it’s the time not to become attention seeker .Why the Balidan Badge during the crucial tournament ? You have the designation in the Indian army so much time before ... just forget the politics of between ICC and BCCI. Assist in game.
For the comparisons of Indian and English grounds, you are considering those grounds which use covers for entire ground! Hello! M Chinnaswamy Stadium of is the first cricket stadium in the world to use SubAir system! Respect it too!
, Little Donnydondon.
Sums up the first round of the nasty party leadership vote
The darkest worldcup ...... No fresh competition
Amen to that!
Understanding the ' Strike in and Its
This is sickening!
but look into he wants to give you $1K a month
We indian stand with please dont remove baj of balidaan Dear support to dhoni for keeps this glove in all matches of world Cup.
Says He Isn’t a . Prosecutors Disagreed. After nine years in jail awaiting trial, Neko Wilson was released when California changed its murder laws last fall.
Over doctors resigned indians put status when Paris cathedral fired who don't even know about it's history, but can't put status supporting doctors bcs they feel high when they put story on Paris &amp; feel low if they put story supporting Drs
Updated points table for
Nope nope nope not a chance
Boris Johnson isn’t even Prime Minister yet and I already miss Theresa May.
Indian commentator soiling about whether nails are necessary..
people, we have to stop this fake activist troll from ruining our movement.
I will keep retweeting so I hope USA citizens will all note TRUMP is the biggest
I suggest should walk out this World cup so that understands that they should be fair with every teams.
Because 'transparency.'
So has that derby fan had his bouncing Frank tattoo removed yet
or not, supporters at match at can do their bit, can't they?
I support
ICC is earning billions from this event, but at the management level they performance is zero. Even a small company manager can handle such events more efficiently then ICC.
You do know that . alias Steve Bray, is making a fortune off of crowd funding ?
TRAITOR
Pete Hogsbreath is in Dotard Donald Trump’s club for Adulterous Daddies!
are increasing rapidly especially in . Women aren't safe even at daytime. We plead you to take strong and immediate actions against .
The poor infrastructure in hospitals in WB are responsible for death of many critical patients. This is state's failure. But all attacks are on Junior Drs. Is that fair. This point didn't register in
How many people has Johnson promised it to already. There's going to be some problems if he does win when they all turn up for their prize...
~ why isn't this in prison
MILTON Bath Duplex Bucket with Mug &amp; Stool (25 L) Rs.933
Yes Looks like should kick their president out of his job now
We are with you
Trump is a piece of Well I was serving proudly he was playing Captain Bone Spurr’s at Studio in NY Spending his Daddy’s money prowling for women like Ivanka And Melania The Purple heart he has he took from a veteran and stated that was the easy way to get it
Pic : ICC on Dhoni's Gloves. Pic2 : ICC on WC planning.
It's not a presidency it's a Trump crime spree.
The real w/faults described perfectly.
+really surprising?
Why don't you mention khatre main?
look at it its our indore...
Kindly don't befool doctors by writing letters to CMs. It is a futile eyewash exercise. Immediately pass ordinance to protect medical staff. must go on indefinite strike in the entire country till an ordinance is passed.
This picture tells everything How takes care of ground How takes care of ground And remember it is head of all cricketing nations
I stand with him ...He always made us proud
Get a to hang these ,, . May Almighty bless you.
how can u plan such a schedule July finals of n kindly abandoned n reschedule the
how this country produce such rectums ? surgical strike surgical strike down shamelessly returned capture pilot in Hrs (that to announced by the ) now on ventilator of package from way to go.
Dharna at the Collectorate at Palakkad. IMA protests attack on Doctors.
So what will happen to all the tattoos now? Half the men would be undergoing removal process
Fuck me, do we really want the idiot in charge of the country when he can’t even function as a mayor?
QFX Boom Portable Bluetooth Speaker with FM Radio Rs.1405 (mrp-3199)
Respect to all those doctors...it shows our unity among the doctors community......
Now what
How settle priorities.
This is getting bigger! Dr. Plaban Mukherjee the first cardiologist to carry out a successful heart transplant in a govt. medical hospital in India &amp; East India resigns.
Did you tell them How you voted to repeal sanctions against Oleg Deripaska and Rusal? Cant wait to Vote you out!
there is no rain in england matches why?
Dhoni Is Always Right, Left And Centre!
Great Britain's next Prime Minister folks. Let's tell the world what we think of him.
Trends for you
Have to say, a great benefit to having a known pathological liar as president is when he tries to start a war, no one believes him
Mum on Matt Hancock supporting Boris Johnson ''I'm not angry, I'm just very disappointed''
Is it time yet for all of us to wake up and realize all of this time since November was actually a nightmare and Hillary was actually elected? Is it?
No, Donald Trump, You Did Not Meet the “Prince of Whales.” Aquaman Would Never.
The US is not briefing on major cyber warfare operations against &amp; other hostile foreign powers. They don't trust him not to betray operations TO those enemy nations - because he's already done it before.
is the only incident in Karnataka where RSS ,VHP,BD &amp; Modi is not blamed by the leftist liberals till now !
AIIMS Delhi doctor continues protest against Bengal violence wearing helmet in viral photo
A mandatory new course in karate and kungFu will be introduced in the MBBS course from the new session as a self defence to protect the doctors...
innocent people, especially those in a drastically higher power bracket, DO NOT PAY! let's face it: is a fucking hollywood has enabled him to prey on young men for DECADES hope karma comes for him and his enablers
Everything is acceptable except on th june, Agar us din Barish huyi to:
Don’t think and beat writers understand that the fans don’t want Kyrie back and didn’t want to trade the world for a one year rental. Davis going to LA with them giving up major haul is a sign of relief for Celtics fans
I stand with Ms . This Balidan is nothing to do with game..
The way things are going, ‘s line ‘F*ck the government and F*ck Boris’ is more relevant than ever! 🤣
Even the Kool Aid man don’t like walls
Bull in bold...face turn.
I'd say 'WOW', but I got up and am and have used up my allotment of 'WOW's' already today... and it's only am. Back to bed I guess and hopefully I can stretch them out more tomorrow
There is a mile long list of reasons why Boris Johnson is not fit for pubic office. If anyone else had done one or two of these things, they’d be out on their ear, but he seems teflon coated. You have to wonder what he has on people....
Keep Voting
HAPPY BIRTHDAY TO AUSCHWITZ! – Seven hundred twenty-eight Polish political prisoners from Tarnów become the first inmates of the Auschwitz concentration camp.
Mikey promises to solve the , but he already has his hands full with the full-fledged still on the loose. available at Amazon --&gt;
Trump teases additional deal that Mexican Foreign Secretary suggests doesn't exist
I stand with my medical brothers and sisters
Who will win
Its a shame when is attacking , has to behave like this....
Am I the only one who feels like it’s no longer a question of if , but rather if Republicans are still Americans?
the phwaarr factor i.e making a noise with your mouth but not saying anything
It would be irresponsible for Tory MPs to opt for , perhaps more irresponsible than holding a % threshold referendum. For the Country’s and Party’s sake please go for !
“You won’t get much closer till you sacrifice it all..” Isle of Palms, South Carolina
Swastikas are offensive to most civil people ...trumpturds disagree..
Matt Gaetz wants “to be the conservative AOC.” Take a look at him trying
Cheers for the unblock to tweet that... You’re a dickhead as well ...
'Well, even his “friendly” Fox &amp; Friends were on him about what he said originally... he had to backtrack... He is a very dangerous man.'
How about the crowd in Oval in today's holding Balidan badge banners along with Indian flags?
Respected PM Ji Address the issue of and speak on measures to and .
is just eressing his feelings and respect he has for the Indian army and I don’t think he is violating any rules of the . Therefore, the is seeking permission with to let wear the gloves.
Darius, Boris and a blast from the past | The Independent
Keeping it all in the fucked-up family.
'Gettin' even to do?!?!' You sure that's the hot take you wanna roll with on your debut, what with the murdering and all??
the hatred, Says Man Has A Gun Until He Realizes He's Being Filmed via
people, for this fake activist from sabotaging our movement.
good riddance, sarah sanders.
Because this administration isn’t already doing enough to kill things beautiful and pure to diminish this planet. Fuck you
Change your name to 'Amaal-Armaan' fanpage Begging attention from their school going fans to get RT's and followers lol Chutiya samajh rakha hai logo ko?
Sick motherfuckers! &amp;
If I try to support you, but you just be an ass in return, then fuck you anyways. because I don't like asses regardless of who they are. also
people, we have to stop this fake activist troll from ruining our movement.
Wezone Digital DVB-S2 Set Top Box A Free to Air Satellite TV Receiver P with Dongle Full HD PVR USB HDD
Got your Bullets yet? Get your Wireless Bullets now on Click hereto buy now, DM the purchase screenshot &amp; get additional cashback of ₹100 exclusively from
Seriously, can we just get rid of this dumbass already?? What does this pos have to do before we impeach his ass and see him off to prison??
Proven that is in support of terror mob and in favor of changing demography of Bengal. CM is zaddi and same working like Hitler.
We need to understand ICC rules correctly It can only allow terror sponsering countries to play, but not the Army insignia.
Just watched this guy spray the crap from his curb to the curb of his next door neighbor.
But have a 'mandate'?
Holy Sh*t between and I don’t know who is the bigger
Disgusting! And they don’t change their culture or come up with vetting system or preventative ways to stop this from occurring. This will continue to happen. The Catholic Church needs to go!
She - After an orgasm, I like to kiss and cuddle, then fall asleep in each others arms. What about you? Me - I usually delete my browsing history and throw the tissues away. ुखदुआ_समाज
Dhoni before today's match
Resign now motherfucker!
If that Bengali Jihadi $lu7 catches any illness, no doctor must treat her. She should suffer from non-treatment and face consequences!
Tomorrow Toss Update: Weather won the Toss and chose to Rain first
Rain is in forecast on Sunday. The match between India and pakistan is likely to be called off.
You literally admitted you’d commit a felony to get elected. Barr, if he actually followed the law, would have arrested you. Stop harassing America. PS: We all know Iran is innocent and you are just trying to distract from your latest felony.
Dear ICC, Let our players pay tribute to our soldiers...
can repeat the history. Its Difficult to beat in their own soil. All the best to both team. It will be great fight.
Meanwhile in other punny stories!!! Photo courtesy to
. Doctors are more than Gods for the needy ones...they must not forget their duty come what may. . Those who play politics are worse than killers rather parasites. May the sense prevails!
Day by day.. WB politics becomes worst..
is not a harmless buffoon. he is a cold, calculating, vile man who uses his persona to get away with his racism, homophobia and elitism. Oh and he’s soon to be our new prime minster, help us all
Trump's birthday today. Called Mar-a-Lago -561-832-2600 &amp; the Vancouver one -979-8888 to shout . Feel better already. Join me.
movement will go down in history as one of the biggest movements in the history of India. It doesn't matter if the govt holds on to it's ego, we will be remembered as people who didn't bow down to fear and dishonesty.
Maybe you can hire the ex cons to perform with you in your sex tape enterprises. Dog Vomit Trump and his porn star presidency. Horseshit.
Now I am watching and what is saying is really relatable! Both central govt. And state govt. Of every state should understand this problem.
I'm 'OK' with it! Christopher Steele was so concerned about what he was finding that he contacted FBI, right?! That's what the TRUMP CAMPAIGN &amp; TRUMP FAMILY SHOULD HAVE DONE!
I am crushed that no one is calling attention to the lie that told about being a convict!!! See the short clip to confirm that Administration is lying.
You belong in jail and then in hell
, Match Preview: IND Take On AUS Amid MS Dhoni's Glove Controversy
Don't know y no rain in England's match . Does this is fixed ? th match of England but no rain or a drop of water in there games 🤨 . I think that and had fixed the for them .
Fact One and attend Eton and Oxford becomes Foreign office Diplomat awarded OBE for services in Afghanistan becomes Times Newspaper Columnist sacked for deception
Its better if ICC switches to swimming events they may at least fee for swimming from kids lol
Didi wouldn't let it go down too well. Will she? Her own MP is in for .
if you will see a then what u will do to them ?
'WE THE PEOPLE' ⬇⬇⬇⬇⬇⬇⬇⬇ ⬇⬇⬇⬇⬇⬇⬇⬇ ⬇⬇⬇⬇⬇⬇⬇⬇
Countries sponsoring must be held accountable: PM Modi at In
: While some are using Trump's rd birthday to celebrate John McCain, are hoping the celebrates next year with a on his . 🧁
Few people are asking me I am a engineer why I am promoting doctors? If my support is promoting doctors than its fine. My sister and my bestfriends are doctors. I can't imagine anyone attacking them ever. As said earlier doctors and soldiers deserve respect.
Ab ye btayega who is better Dhoni or Gavaskar? FYI Sunil Gavaskar once said Dhoni is the best limited over player India produced after Kapil dev. Jai Hind 🇮🇳️
Why the is not just about violence unleashed on them ? Its time to address faltering justice systems, crippled health systems and broken dreams
G E T O U T... GET THEM ALL O U T .
Following OJ Simpson would be entertaining but I dont need to follow a murderer sociopath when people like his tweets and he's automatically on my TL. He is crazy! Just saw him rambling about Kloe K. Damn why isn't he locked up
I can’t wait for the debates. So much to chose from.
I hope they make him Chancellor so he can find out how much unicorns really cost.
Fascinating summary of UK candidates records after the for which may decide or : (&amp; thank goodness we didn’t have to listen to )
we haven't forgotten about the ..... lets hope u haven't.... tooks ads out to kill innocent men.. No matching DNA for accused crime, and eventually realeased as innocent. .
The fact that it's makes it appropriate to also make it , as he was recognized as a great American &amp; patriot. But the fact that it's also 's birthday makes it really sweet to make it John McCain Day!
Boris isn't even PM yet but he is already destroying trade with the EU and enriching his friends - We know what type of Boris we will get - Inept, indolent and offensive - a UK Trump without ANY of the economic firepower Nutter!
When everyone including Doctors see, satisfied and cured patient and there relatives is blessed thing in Doctor's life. It's fundamental right of safety! Find any other smart and strong way to convince through your creamer brain!
We know who’s power hungry. We haven’t forgotten what this vile woman did to and his legacy.
Russia has no intentions of withdrawing from Venezuela, but Trump said they told him they will and 'he's always right.' Russia is establishing a presence in this hemisphere. It must be that JFK stopped a war over that in Cuba.
As long as it’s not that ahole from Iceland Wolf Stansson. .
In Al Capone's whole life, I don't think he called the FBI eithet...
BUSTED: The ugly internal polls said didn’t exist just got leaked
Mitch admits 's trade war is just a tax hike 'on working-class people'
If anything it will allow his followers to share more lies and misinformation on the interweb even faster and more efficiently.
What was I thinking with Greene? First and last time for him. Balta came in under $200k (I think the week before). Bought Josh Kelly in this week too!! 🤪
Obviously, you don't know anything about ....
Etudent Fights College Over Fate of Alleged - Jun :48 AM ET
He’s also lied, cheated, committed crimes against America, broken emoluments laws, nepotism, spread his corruption, conspired with Russia, and banked millions of our tax dollars while you dumbf**ks cheer -You have become his accomplices
does not see anything wrong with this picture because there is no Balidaan symbol in it
Enough of what ?
I went looking for dickheads this weekend and I found you.
You are such a little ...
Is she wearing clothes?
TruMcP Jr needs to turn himself in!!!
Thank you capstan
Yesterday match Gayle got out by lbw in no ball..ICC Don't have time to fine umpires for poor umpiring. But they have time to say remove the balidan symbol from dhoni gloves it's ridiculous
By wearing the over his gloves has shown his love &amp; respect for the forces. should understand that this is not related to any political/religious/racial activities This is about our
Is it just cold or these guys are really on something? Umpiring has reached its absolute lowest. Even the reputed ones as well.
His own son died of cancer.. and hw can cure it? I'd say he's a
This is terrific! People have started defending when they see he/she belong to their . But, fortunately has not become countries like . They will never become one. shall get punishment if he is conscious of what he/she is doing.
I Helped Obama Win in . Now Trump Is Using the Same Playbook.
When will you get serious? /11 responded in secs they have waited yrs for you to respond
Psst You were installed not elected with help from foreign entity. There were also iregularies with voting machines.
We'll all wave 'buh-bye' to those or more treasonous who have held citizens in chaos during their &amp; . 🇬🇧
Looking forward to seeing the donald blimp in D.C. EPIC!
So Sad and Worried!
Fans have been left frustrated as rain delays and washouts are slowly starting to dominate the narrative around the World Cup.ICC should feel ashamed as Eden Gardens has facility of full covering during a rain threat in Kolkata Why not London? matches already lost.
''This is not India vs Pakistan This is IND-PAK VS RAIN
Why do British people call people they don't like shower bags?
What could be more important than attending a debate that Millions of lives depend on?
Dhoni is legend and i guess he will do better whatever he decides later but this controversy will effect on games focus... Let the rule of cricket on top when playing cricket.
After this response, I'll tell you, I make it a habit of BLOCKING cold-blooded murderers.
. has to establish a record of telling the truth. MSM should never believe anything he says until then. It's a safe bet that will never happen.
Opinion: Myanmar's Suu Kyi cozying up to Orban is absurd
Family Services Counselor Fired After Speaking Out Against Surveillance of Unaccompanied Migrant Children
Wake up Mark. Which makes you an accessory. Remove them from public office. Save the nation.
So now OJ is going to take time off finding the 'real killer' just long enough to 'get even'!?!? Disgusting...
Odisha docs hold protest in support of agitating doctors in
Gets Free Speech Wrong While Refusing To Fire
Sahib st of all your rule dosent apply on the Respect of let me be very loud and clear.Dhoni's Gloves is not breaching the ICC Rules &amp; Regulations at all.I am ashamed of your opinion of opposing this rather than supporting this..
Doctors are important part of our society and through all these strikes and resignations, all they are asking is their safety which every normal citizen of a country deserves.
June ,
True that
You are the biggest Baby on earth!
It’s not funny when Donald Trump makes announcements on TV that he would gladly cooperate with foreign entities to work against Americans.
keep on scheduling like this guys ....
and a Happy
This is all happening on a cricket ground.. In jersey, may be an event. | Where was &amp; their rule-book when this was happening on the play ground.
Houston, Texas
“Every time I see Boris he’s hanging from a wire with straps round his baws”
This one is understandable. !
Craig Hicks sentenced to life in murders of Muslim college students in North Carolina
A lip reader has reported what Trump was saying to - 'In fact, your Royal Majestyness. Mine has been confirmed by historians to be the biggest dick of all the American presidents. True, the biggest &amp; the best...'.
really? You have taken it away from journalists? You can dish it out but you can’t take it.
Straight to the point! 🤣🤣🤣🤣 …
Shoutout to she is a true blue ️
Maybe not, exactly. But, the person they colluded with sure has a few unmarked graves under their belt...
Fifteen AGs slam Trump move to limit federal authority under Clean Water Act Trumperrhoids like their swamp deep dirty and toxic. If you are downstream from a Trumperrhoid, fuck off, they don't care.
Is there a registered ,, , living in your neighborhood? Better to find out now than the hard way later. Know who they are and what they look like now. Once a , always a monster. .
Black drivers in Missouri are % more likely to be stopped than white drivers, report finds
Not a single Muslim below condemned rapists.
National service for farm workers will solve it. Conscripted cows and sheep in servitude will weather the Brexit Storm.
***PROOF OF BRIBERY &amp; POLITICAL INFLUENCE*** STYLE↓↓↓ As the goes, &amp; otr actors looking to BUY FAVORABLE POLICY fr pay DOUBLE the price for properties bc it is how they get around BRIBING !!
Because
Almond coming today at NOON Get Ready to get your GOLD ! on
Alternate title: ' &amp; Trump administration irreparably damaged US credibility.'
we proud of our who never favour any or or ...
People been getting high for 00 years. Why is it I'm forced to go to the doctor (unless I'm broke) to get over priced 'medicine' that literally created an epidemic. One reason. Rich white people who will trade lives for money.
Proceed cautiously there! Also, beware of the libtard with the “skullet”,
your source is a Fox and Friends co-host? SAD!
Bill Cosby? You people forget the REAL story! ?
's nephew, MP too..
see comments made on national television by
In May you pulled US out of the internationally signed &amp; agreed upon Iran Nuclear Deal. THE DEAL WAS WORKING UNTIL BROKE IT. Again, you &amp; broke something that worked out of spite and created a mess.
Worst world cup every... Seems to be already decided to give it to england ..
i can't listen to -- drives me crazy--makes me want to put a pencil thru my retina.
They can demand all they want. This is a Democracy. If they don't like it, maybe Donald's friend Putin will let them immigrate to Russia.
Indian Share market is down as People are withdrawing money from the market on last working day for betting on match.
Today would have been my year anniversary with my ex and my calendar just kindly reminded of it since I forgot to delete the alert after we broke up 🤦‍️
Poor scheduling of dates by ICC, Rainfall is winning all the days.
doctors have already resigned in . NRS SSKM National medical college RG Kar North Bengal college Murshidabad Rampurhat Burdwan
Go watch
humiliates : 'I love Mike' but I won't endorse him for
Khan Saanp ki Saadgi Part : /2018 Budget for PM House was Crore Rs. Actual eenditures was Crore Rs. /2019 Budget for PM House was Crore Rs. Actual eenditures was Crore Rs.
'Vietnam was too far. I disagreed with the war. I like people who weren't captured. My feet hurt.' But sure I guess this is real patriotism.
It was decided have fix working hours but still we r forced work inhumanly.
Seriously what the fuck is up this his hair line that shit is disgusting I hate this motherfucker
Does anybody else feel like “Wag the Dog” and “Weapons of Mass Destruction” are engaged and may or may not be having a baby????
I'm laughing so hard, I can barely type this. I was literally threatened with this: 'Crawl back in to the hole you live in or face the wrath of the ' What do you think CHACHI will do?
AAAAARRRRRGGGGGHHHHH!!!!!!!! it's as if the didn't even exist.
Attention india ! Listen to your fellow indian
And you hang around with the likes of Jacob $$Wohl. I had to look you up as I had no idea who the eff you even were. Found out that you weren't anything.
This is a nexus of unholy cricket business run between the Netas from all party -lines , so until the BJP neta's do not will it , its not going to change a darn bit ! Sadly 🧤🥊🧤
Hey Donnie, And this is your channel!
This is no longer optional we must all stand to stop
Wish the aam aadmi had more sense! People will continue beating until stringent deterrent laws come in
Maybe if waves his freaky baby hands around way more, the magic will totally happen!
A new survey shows how economic policy divides the GOP and unites Democrats
Tamilnadu Medical Officers Association (TNMOA), TIRUNELVELI strongly condemn this barbaric act on doctors and making them look like the predators when actually we are the victims just for DOING OUR JOB
⁦⁩ Gives A Giant Thank You For Boosting His Show's Ratings
Did your book preface start with Dear Diary? 🤡
So let’s imagine the guy on the right says he has dirt that can help win an election. The guy on the left says he’d take it &amp; not tell the FBI. But hey, Obama once wore a tan suit &amp; even saluted with a coffee in his hand
U seem to be a student or jr doctor. N just learning to loot. First thing yr senior will teach u to ask this question look at the glitter in doctors' eyes when the answer is yes.
”I’d take it” was ‘s response when asked if he would accept information against a political opponent from a foreign agent. He incriminates himself on a daily basis.
meth barbie
I believe they’re dealing with the obstruction of justice trump did - not the conspiracy to violate election law trump did nor the espionage trump did.
If things will happen like this then world cup should be named as umbrella cup 🤬🤬🤬 Ind vs Pak = Rain
It's ICC RAIN WORLD CUP . Totally flopped.
Projection Projection Projection. PROJECTION PROJECTION PROJECTION PROJECTION PROJECTION PROJECTION PROJECTION PROJECTION PROJECTION PROJECTION PROJECTION PROJECTION PROJECTION PROJECTION PROJECTION PROJECTION
. I scrolled that ’s TL for about min before I reported. EVERY SINGLE tweet was an attack on one of our peeps! If that’s not “TARGETED HARASSMENT” then WHAT IS?
Alabama court forces rape survivor to allow to have visitation with children
Due to the controversy created by and no support from on I am not watching any of the cricket match.
We all know the story of the Ant &amp; the Grasshopper. What are you? Call to book an appointment with a SEBI Registered Investment Advisor now!
Payday lenders switched their trade show to a Trump hotel and sent Trump at least a million bucks, then he gave them carte blanche to make billions preying on poor people
Since is the BIGGEST deadbeat fraud, what he calls a fraud is what the rest of humanity not kiSsing his rectum calls . And we ALL know Trump CAN'T HANDLE THE TRUTH!
says 'I think the President may be a little confused on the law' DT BELIEVES the law does NOT apply to him He BELIEVES he can do whatever he pleases And why shouldn't he? Trump has NEVER paid any consequences his entire life This will only get worse
I purpose that we tweet over and over. ALL
OJ’s new Twitter account, he’ll be typing with the tip of a knife
When will this chaudhary guy understand.. why should icc object when this was before/after the game not between the game... Journalist ho common sense use karo nahi to log mazaake udaye ge bcoz it's not political/religious symbol it's a pride of nation
The new ICC Cricket World Cup design. Four matches interpreted by the Not enjoying this 🤐🤭🤫🤔 even though its local Really disappointed, were working on it since few years 🤣 money makin machine
An optimist perhaps, but not evil. 🤡
We are very unfortunate to have this man as our PM.
Yes. Thanks Obama for letting Trump inherit a strong economy, unlike the devastating economy you inherited in the Great Recession of .
Biggester scamster itself got scammed by the data eerts!! That's great fun to watch 🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣
Emergency OT at Murshidabad Medical College. EMERGENCY SERVICES are still going on deespite en masse resignation. DONT BELIEVE ON RUMOURS spread by Didi's goons and her paid Media.
I had a date arranged on Friday On Thursday, I told him that I wouldn’t be having sex with him on a first date. Haven’t heard from him since WHAT IS WRONG WITH PEOPLE?!
Pride in Pictures: Toronto Pride is one of the largest in the world
On my following tweet, is a reminder on the thoughts of when Gordon Brown was elected PM without a GE:
. Every day this is more true than the day before. (Sleepy needs to be added to this. ).
Wearing bandages on foreheads, over ,400 resident at the Postgraduate Institute of Medical Education and Research (PGIMER) suspended work for hours on Friday
Why do Trump supporters, especially farmers, think that he is a good businessman. Every business went bankrupt, every contractor didn’t get paid, he bankrupt Atlantic City. He has no idea how economics works. He was nothing but a game show host.
Is this the cricket world cup or swimming world cup?
Anyone noticed where England matches are scheduled there is no rain..surprisingly doubtful🤔🤔
Well I would Rory but my MP is anne-marie trevelyan, the opportunistic bitch that is running the fuckwit's campaign. What would you suggest I do now? Some good will come of it though. The tories are finished...
Shree do some something for this kind of activity happened in our society. You can only person, jo en ke against bna sakte ho aap Plz Plz
Oh geez. please ban this man. He doesn’t deserve an account.
WE do not believe YOU.
I think your busy enough to note glove than a important thing.
Team will have a good soccer team when all the Mexican Americans join there team
How does the voting public Not see your failure to Impeach as more Democratic timidity and abdication of duty?
A billion people waited for four years to watch how it rains in England. .
I've lived to see justice, in all its forms and formulations, served. The TRUTH wins out in the end. Look who's suffering and in a self-made hell now! Nothing it touches will be the same. Nothing!!
So well said. I totally agree with every word. The White House is full of corrupt habitual liars. and his pathetic puppets.
What is more dividing: the huge gap between the rich and the poor in the UK or whether people can/can't rely on teleconferencing from home? In any case, the EU is investing is superfast broadband.
Love the ! Keep up the good work. ! Hey Baby! !
Well planned swimming world cup keep planning the same
Why u r not supporting ?? Leave world cup it's not important than our armed forces
A small note to all sensible people around.. Understand them.. Help them.. Save them.. Save Humanity..
Around Doctors have Resigned. Meanwhile, is busy deciding the Next Appeasement Scheme for Rohingyas in Bengal.
This is a Trump-made war to keep him in office!
Fact Two award winning author of four books. The Places In Between was a New York Times best-seller and is an award winning documentary film maker Johnson writes moderately received book on Churchill
House Intel Committee Drops WH Nuke Sure To Send Into Seizure
you screwed up both the education and the justice system and now you want to replace Vat? . You have no idea the implications of the financial cost, not only on purchases but the whole accounting system.
Such a hypocrite and liar you are Mr. Selected PM . Why don't you accept you failed miserably in past months? Stop crying about past. Show progress or go home. You could not achieve any of your -2019 set goals.
Surgeon Simulator- Bobs Getting His Brain Ripped Out
Hear Take Aim at on New Song ‘’ via
i screamed into the void listening to Maddow this morning and the clips of that asshat saying he would gladly take foreign help. like we don't already know. so yeah. i'm fucking angry too. we're all angry. and we fucking should be.
Thanks Pam! Following all, now follow back resisters!
The notion that doctors are equivalent to God had hurt us() the most till now.people and media should avoid such notion
HA HA HA HA cos the US knows no violence!!!! 🤣🤣🤣🤣 Fix ur own problems first.
For the first time a potential leader that I actually believe in, come across honest and truthful. We need this gentleman as our PM
CMON DON, THE TRUMPERRHOIDS HAVE TO GO TO WORK...SQUEEZE OUT A COUPLE FOR US TRUMPERRHOIDS NEED THEIR DAILY LOAD FROM THE BIG TWEET SQUATTER
I think icc full supporting to England to go semi finals and win the World Cup, because no rain in England match's You can do anything but England is not going to win World Cup
Military is not a madam of which is becoming an . So try to think before saying. Thankyou.
Mamta is doing wrong. But where was IMA when there were incidents of Dr. assaults in different states? Here is a list:
No Wonder Junior Doctors &amp; even Interns of Bengal Hospitals SKIP cM's call for meeting and refuses to meet the cm.
How many overalls are TOO many overalls? Oh you say? Limitless amounts of overalls?! Cool. I’ll take ‘em. And just for the hell of it: still:
Geez, are we making up excuses to attack Iran? A war would raise Trumps approval ratings just in time for the election.
Look d sun shine during Match. It's a total conspiracy against all other team. choose their venue where chances r Zero. How come eng never faced Rain? CBI shud intervene n investigate against
. ICC on Dhoni's gloves Vs . ICC planning the World Cup Agree-
Many people are saying that there’s no secret deal with Mexico. WRONG! Another fake news story. I have the proof right here.
I can never make it more than minutes into before levels peak and my eyes roll out of my head. How are there so many seasons of this horseshit?
Who are you? OUTSIDER. Who are we? OUTSIDER. Who are they? OUTSIDER. Outsiders, Outsiders, Outsiders........O&amp;%*^
: While some are using Trump's rd birthday to celebrate John McCain, are hoping the celebrates next year with a on his . 🧁 !
More power to you , Bengaluru doctors , for standing in solidarity with your fellow brethren in West Bengal!
Look how many medals John McCain got for serving our country. Trump didn't get any because he's a .
AMERICA NEEDS A NEW PRESIDENT ASAP. TRUMP IS A TRAITOR. WILL ONLY GET WORSE! go off and die like an old diseased riddled dog you ARE YOU ABSOLUTE POS
Happy
Finally ....
Hail in the clown king
🤮Fuck you. YOU are the reason this bill was delayed for so long, because YOU did not want to give Puerto Rico any more help. .
Hey Beto shut the front door Robert Francis O’Rourke conMan
Here is the lady in Dehradun running pillar to post for justice. The criminal lawyer stole her cheque book &amp; forged her signature and later charged her only with sec. . He has also thrown out the lady from her own home in false case. He's a too
Lots of support for in downtown Indianapolis.
Hilex +1 Extension cord with M Wire, Fuse &amp; Spark Suppressor Rs.204 (mrp-350)
Medical services were hit across the country as the spread across the country including Delhi, Pune, Nagpur, Hyderabad and Bhubaneshwar. Details here:
🤦‍️ Meanwhile back on earth..... for the love of
You don't believe in polls, remember?
Tommy is spot on I didn't think he had it in him also fuck off curtis
why are you insulting our nations pride
Yes I care as this speaks to his character. Just like so many things about him
Not assuring the security and safety to professionals in the state capital as Chief Minister, you are losing your core population in the Kolkata metropolitan. Ruling capabilities are questionable and reminds of Lalu-Rabri era of Bihar.
it's time to remind this epic ad
Chipotle could raise burrito prices to cover cost of Trump's tariffs - No Tarrif needed . Nice try though.
You don't worry Sir, India is playing Cricket with and with in next five years we will play with . ji hey na bas barosa karke shanth rahiye abi tho ji bhi hey, tukde honge
Yes he is going to fought war against the world top teams (we consider this as Mahabarath) , yes we admit that he is in England for playing cricket, this shows his patriotism toward the Indian army. Is this isn't the huge issue
And for those who have read the article, and those who will, don't think the perversion of ends there. I have a lot more non-public information about him, that is not included in this article. ?
India is batting first,so we all have to wait till evening to see if Dhoni wears same gloves with insighnia!!
get's owned on &amp; spews nothing but baseless talking point .
Law and order of the state has blown up like anything; medical services is completely disturbed, doctors who are our life savers are suffering like anything. Thanks to CM and its party. Don't play dirty politics with doctors.
Yeah that will help you. Let's get some More lies on tape.
The State has no doctors. Doctors have no state. resignations
please raise your voice against the same who people who saved you in multiple occasions !! Doctors their diagnosis and prompt treatment....
Here is a question for the “Judge” in , who gave visitation rights to a and , allowing him to see his children
and fuck all his racist supporters too!!
this is eerily similar to how the Vietnam War started
May be cm will start treating patients herself 🤷‍️🤔.Shameful of behaviour of people and politicians toward doctor.
WE HAVE BEEN WAITING FOR IMPEACHMENT. YOU'RE A TRAITOR, TOO.
Blessing Your Timeline..
Click &amp; Read: Crotch Rocket [poetry]
Now, this is ? IS just ... We don't NEED A here in !
What a fucking idiotic thing to do! Threaten proper journalists for supposedly being biased while working for one of the worst disinformation newspapers around!
For all the good women who have wonderful fathers BLOCK THIS
We have our favorites. That said.....
What about kya Dhoni is match me istemal karengay?
We need a progressive to beat Trump!
Not just a joke in America
is being observed today across the globe to mark the birth anniversary of . - st celebrated in . - Slogan for the campaign is 'Safe blood for all'. - is the host country for . Plz ,
Trump trying to take us to another war!
loses another match haha
Let's hope the Rain doesn't spoil this.
This is first time, instead of coming to help, an elected Govt is threatening Drs. Getting killed by mob shouldn't be occupational Hazard for Drs. Workplace is a must for all occupations.
We stand with dhoni infact India stand with him.
⁦⁩ As Trump Accuses Iran, He Has One Problem: His Own Credibility - The New York Times
If there are no playoffs, due to age, what is the harm?
Is a term? Because so many of you are.
Most relevant cartoon of the year ! Bishop Franco Mullackal,
Happy !
Oh no!! Who will you find to lie for you so effortlessly? Will the new person do their job for which they’re paid and hold press briefings more than twice a year?
Just a daily reminder to that he is a National Disgrace.
ICC or I See See OR I don't see what an awesome way of spoiling such an important tournament! you rock!
did you mean *too* instead of *to*?.. C'mon Mister America, do you not know the difference between *too and *to?
Dirty city.Dengue. Child dies in hospital. Let's hit doctors. Dirty air. Asthma. Patient dies in hospital Let's hit doctors. We r those who will never question Municipality ! Let's hit doctors
Boris Johnson is really liked by some people but REALLY despised by many more. If he becomes prime minister (due to the fantasies of ,000 old white men) then the government will fall and the UK thrown into chaos
This number goes up EVERYDAY and the Dems still refuse to do anything about it.
में कमजोर मंजुर नहीं. sir, please do something ??? It’s matter of Indian pride
Can doctors go on strike after their working hours ? Little children &amp; helpless patients are dying.
When are we ready to admit we done with tolerating
World's Biggest Bhandara a massive blood donation drive pledges of whole body donation,Dowry free &amp;inter-cast will be held on th june .
A REAL who worked for ALL Americans.
Erin Burnett calls out Fox News for baseless Biden claim
Opinion: Kavanaugh wants us to know he's won
It's becoming increasingly difficult to live, live healthily in
Hey wypipo here’s another one of yours you let loose
Please give some rain to Chennai....
If you see a Conservative Party leadership candidate fitting this description...
I bought like things from this store just bc of the shirt alone
If you yhink about it cricket is run by indian ppl's money and ECB is wasting it
If we all cough would you leave the office, said George Stephanopoulos.
Thanks Mitch For Covering Up His Russia Crimes
And my semi functional one is dying of loneliness
I’m not surprised! Maybe he doesn’t want to stick his foot in his mouth like a trump did!
. to V Srivatsa, Sr Journalist: The statement, ICC has issued, talks about how reserved days couldn’t have been made because this would make the tournament very long. Is that an argument we should accept?
Hey and and for partisan and divisive guys like you
Come to Bengal and speak whatever language you want to. We have seen what lingual terrorism can do during the Bangladesh Independence war and divisive politics will not work . পশ্চিমবঙ্গ ভারতের একটি অংশ।
Facebook Lawyer Says Users ‘Have No Eectation of Privacy’
That’s why I’m saying give the management to ji he can manage anything For full video click-
My Twitter is tiny so I see the algorithm at work. Tweets about food v politics v tech v LGBT issues are seen by discrete sets of followers that don't necessarily overlap. Maybe I should put in all my tweets to introduce everyone.
OBSTRUCTION! enter it into the court records.
Future Doctors for our politicians
Uh trump is BEHIND in EVERY poll an invited illegal foreign campaign interference on national television. Yes, it's all going exactly to plan.
This.
ANTI TRUMP LASER DEFENSE SYSTEM. - A defense perimeter around my property where anyone suspected of being a MAGAT is immediately vaporized with a high powered laser that leaves nothing behind but red and white MAGAT hat “fur”.
Imagine being so suited to being Prime Minister of the United Kingdom that you refuse to be scrutinised.....just think about that for a second...sounds a little crazy doesn’t it...
does a blinding flip-flop on earlier comments ... “Trump said Friday that “of course” he would go to the or the attorney general if a foreign power offered him dirt about an opponent”
Yea, but Hamlin always deserves a good walling. ... &amp; everyone wants to throw Deegz a good lay ... Go figure ...
Suuuuuure ye have.
Surprise me... Union only an afterthought for Johnson.
could thing about the matches... They should find a different way for cancelled matches... Because it's not a tri or country cup.. It's a .
Is that a serious question? Bring on the because !
Christopher you really do fancy yourself don’t you with a chin like that you’re easy pickings 🥊 meant to be a politician as well very professional.
Like most Tories, he contradicts himself all the time. He doesn’t give a crap what we think though. May open the eyes of *some* wavering supporters though. Let’s hope so!
Remember that time when bragged about sexually assaulting women?
sir please take the case to and hand it over to CBI plz we are counting on you
A billion Cricket fans waited four years to watch how it rains in England .
The GOP has been obstructing and stalling any attempt at Immigration Reform for decades. Their idea of real reform is a policy of Whites Only All POC Not Welcome Here. Building the Wall is a waste of time and money.
because Dhoni is a Lt Colonel
OJ SIMPSON AND BILL COSBY TAKING OVER TWITTER!!!
The asaulting patient party may have hurt those doctors directly involved in the case. But Mamata has hurt the entire community of doctors and the society by her unmindful response.
Happy !
'As a TMC supporter, I am deeply ashamed...': Kolkata Mayor's daughter Shabba Hakim slams Mamata Banerjee alleging inaction and silence over protection of doctors. Read here
You know what kind of man I find really attractive..? The kind of man who shouts 'Faster' at me on my bike, out of his passenger window as the driver videos me on his handheld mobile phone. Said no woman ever.
An actual presidential poll: Sliding down a foot razor blade using your balls as brakes % Trump %
The Ordinance provides for constitution of Designated Courts in specified areas. This Court will be headed by a judge not below the rank of district &amp; sessions judge, or additional district &amp; sessions judge. Instead of setting up this Court why have You set up SIT in ?
I am currently unfollowing anyone who I find follows him.
Oh look Socialism! Our farming conglomerates who will reap the majority of these benefits totally desire this upward accumulation of funds that never make it to the people!
. is using his column this morning to promise tax cuts for high earners. This would cost £9.6bn. Never mind spending that on things like: Supporting the m children in poverty Helping the record number of families using food banks
If you need treatment we need safety, that's only what we are demanding, &amp; those who are saying doctors charge so much, ist thing all doctors are not owners of hospital, nd if u feel over charged u can go to courts, rd we hv studied for + years just to cure.
aren’t you still in jail?
ur damp cricket parks not only washed out games but also dumped d morale of players n fans across the globe.
Cricket World Cup Follow tillTOSS for more updates.⠀ ⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ ⠀
Understand that supporters aren't sane to begin with
also agrees with Chowkidar !!! !
We don't toil for yrs to get beaten up for no faults. This trend of attacking doctors should stop. Don't forget doctors are humans too. The whole fraternity stands united.
seriously.
Really this is your world cup plans. I mean you guys don't even have enough covers to protect the outfield from rains and you are focusing on the gloves of msd...
Good luck tonight. Please this arrogant
Feel free brother; in we're used see the stray run after simply barking &amp; doing nothing. Moreover, the moment stops, these will run-away keeping their tail under their - you know what!
Watching now they see us...
Enact strict law to protect doctors against :
We should not play on the th June .
pastor who defended proposed bill criminalizing accused of teenage relative for years
Dear at a glance: Insufficient facilities in hotels for teams (Gym &amp; pools) Insufficient practice nets, practice pitches Tiring intercity traveling by bus No contingency planning for rain affected matches
Piers Morgan is a total weapon and THE most unlikable human.
Ok Needs to go... Please Oh Please Luke gives A whole new meaning!
Remember a couple months ago when 'jokingly' fired for being 'too popular?' Funny thing about being popular - it doesn't have to equate with being liked.
themselves the most developed country in the world. Call Cricket as the national sport of the country. Yet can't cover the grounds during rains in the biggest cricket tournament in the world! What a great choice for venue, London!
,, Nirmala Madam Please check this video and take action tomorrow we all do sucide infront of CID office.If you dont promise our money back.
ICC should not be conducting a premium cricket tournament in such wet weather conditions in England and also the lack of reserve days and now the Indo-Pak clash is also in doubt due to the weather
In honer of Trumps birthday I will NOT be posting any political posts (after THIS one) all weekend. For me it's a total blackout of Trump all weekend.
Right , free seats one over, feel free to move
. Quizmaster... A quiz for you. Ask your moronic boss to solve n behave
You are causing Market volatility. The market will be falling before the election thanks to you. You have set American back! Wish Obama was still President.
Isn’t she his handler? Asking for a friend.
This man completely nailed Mamata, her politics and her hypocrisy.
Fresh Fact: The people who follow are the exact same people who think and puddin-pop are innocent. - So many lives have been hurt/destroyed by these men.
Icc members while planning.
I looked so good last summer lol
CHRIST on a cracker The Trump White House defense of Kellyanne Conway's Hatch Act violations is fooling no one
if u ever said this.
Prime years of a doc are drowned in books &amp; wards to be able to help others. Security &amp; dignity for them is a basic duty of the state. Worked in JJ hosp for years...even worst of criminals had convention of no violence in hospital, let alone attacking doctors.
vs how many competent Doctors Intelligent General Class (NonResereved) in Bihar to save babies!
.There is no proper facility of Gym in Hotel for Team India. . Players force to Traveling by bus instead of Train. . Not proper Security for Team India.
I can see why Republicans have turned for The President. This is it. He has compromised their integrity with dirt on THEM. He has associated them directly by saying Members of Congress take info from foreign countries too.
My apologies I must be getting too caught up in this and wasn’t paying attention!
Rationalizing ™
Here comes the
: Junior doctors of NRS Medical and Hospital continue their strike for the fifth day over violence against .
intends to hijack the th of July celebration in DC to turn it into a celebration of himself. We can't stop him from doing that, but there's no reason to support it either. Stay home. Celebrate the th with your family, friends, and neighbors.
🤣 Ok ans who does sirr e palace belong to? Who helped u murder ur wife? Where did u hide bibi’s will?! 🤔 She knew u well, that’s y she kept u in jail too 🤣🤣
an honorary Lt Col He's belongs to Infantry Battalion TA Para. He's completed his st para jump from k feet By wearing the over his gloves has shown his love &amp; respect for the forces.!! This is about our
Hey forget gloves, otherwise you forget %....
you back Boris then you just want a job in the cabinet!
Trump &amp; his campaign knew the Russians were working to get him elected, welcomed that help, planned their messaging around the Russian release via Wikileaks, of emails stolen from the DNC by the Russians. And, he now says if he had it to do all over again, he would.
can keenly look into wht is on gloves but cannot properly plan a tournament vch comes once in yrs
Tell someone who gives a shit.
Trump Administration to Hold Migrant Children at Base That Served as WWII Japanese Internment Camp. Repeating history huh? Are the next?
The kids should go to prison with their traffickers.
I stand by the Doctors who are fighting for their respect &amp; dignity. They save our lives &amp; are like soldiers on ground. I strongly condemn attack on them by the goons in politics.
- a person with a personality disorder manifesting itself in extreme antisocial attitudes and behavior and a lack of conscience. - a person who commits murder; a killer. -
.. Rain cup... Give the cup to England.. The decision was made.
Every Member of Team Trump Is Now Enabling Treason via
The Murderer. Some concept i'm doing for a short comic. Hope you like It!
thank God you are on Twitter finally! I can not wait to hear all the interesting things you have say, he said with the most sarcastic voice possible.
Remain know he’s bad, he couldn’t win an election, he’s atrocious. Remain Tories trying to hang on to their dwindling influence.
So ironic that you of all people still don’t seem to understand what constitutes treason.
This West Bengal state election is last hope for Bengal or else it's will be another Kashmir for India soon.
Does it have t be said... the president can’t call intelligence reports he doesn’t like “fake news”, and then turn around and eect US to believe intelligence reports that Iran attacked oil ships?
Please boycott Huawei
Drunk again eh Eric?
Are the Concentration Camps Hidden too? Funny How you support Israel but wont denounce whats happening in Tornillo Texas? Guess you dont know whats happening in your own State.
I feel the same way - if you support this corruption and cruelty F off forever!
You referring to the the
Brexit Boris Johnson When will Bullshit Boris be allowed to open his mouth and derail his campaign?
How about instead of waiting for another year or two, your top secret biologist get together with people and do it now. Or is it that you are going to reward them and their suffering loved ones after they vote for you? !!!
Religious’ practices on the cricket ground is absolutely fine but how dare you wear the honour badge Lt.Col Dhoni! How dare you? Hypocrisy is in trend these days. Isn’t it? Anyway Dhoni,we loved them.Your country &amp; stands with you
Nope. He broke the law and must suffer the consequences of his choices. Don't do the crime if you can't do the time!
after wrong decision for dhoni s gloves now,me n,my friends boycott and all cricjeting events now,we leave watchin cricket
Sanders knew she was lying and admitted it under sworn testimony
Oye!!!, Islamic Cricket Council aka ban this thing too (watch video). Also stop eating lays chips all the time, do some constructive work.
If possible pls take to pakistan. She could be a great leader for ur .
Democrats to Scrutinize Ex-Lobbyist’s Role in Trump’s Arms Sales to Gulf Nations
Because rockies manager is
Employees turn their back on Agriculture secretary over being relocated to Kansas City
Analysis: Fox News crosses the line on Biden
Haha , cling themselves working on mission
Vegan food is not always necessarily more healthy. Vegan food is MORE than meat! Do NOT be such a bandwagon jumping, gullible, ! is NOT ! is processed, or not! Make your own !
The Trump Administration Wants to Make It Harder for Transgender People to Access Homeless Shelters
I thought... If rain comes again then England will select Swimming first Thanks to God no rain today in England..
WaPo: NRA paid thousands to board members for services
as if we didn't already know.
Why isn't that thing flying over the White House every day?
the king of word salad.
Moron.. Wen u will talk about India.. And not restrict u r self to a party.. Think beyond party.. Think beyond congress.. Think for poor people. Think for.. Developing India.. U ..
If you curl lbs in a squat rack you might be a
Hmmmmmm. This seems ironic and hypocritical with that we have in the WH.
Driving down Sepulveda Boulevard this morning I had to stop and pull over and take a picture of this _revok_ here in Van Nuys, California
Hey, donald, Alf called and wants his hair back.
Well, we DON'T!
Being a Moroccan med student means: Your dad being FIRED. Your professors being FIRED. Your basic rights being TAKEN from you. The government THREATENING you.
hope All team will win trophy not from performance but will win from rainy day.....rain is fourth umpire...
While the ICC has shown it’s petty mindset the BCCI has shown that it is spineless. All Indians including Dhoni should sport the symbol, maybe as a tattoo for the next match
Lack of ethic? How about announcing to foreign adversaries his openness to interference? It's pretty much 'attack America because I am open to your agenda'.
Imagine studying hard for years after taking huge loans for paying off the fees and then going to a village to serve people just because your profession demands you to. Respect doctors and their rights !
after + years, nothing the does in support of trump is surprising ... disappointing, but not surprising.
And yet, we still all know that’s not what he said
If England can do this so why not india can do this
Try again, are an embarrassment to this country.
True! Our , Our , and our , all are interconnected to each other...and there is no fear of this and .....Don't know, where is the direction of ?
The BoJo no-show means he's a no-go, surely?
Happy John McCain Day!
Epic trolling This handle continue to give us best humor these days in such a gloomy and pathetic world cup where only rain is the winner .
Mr seems like law n order has been made a mockery off which is not only but at d same time. If ne n evry was dealt a punishment remember, they wudnt dare but hey, it ain't 'rarest of rare', ryt SC?
She a LIAR JUST LIKE U. U GOING DOWN SHE LEAVING U BE IT HAPPENS
You kidding me? You know how many fathers despise you? Fear you as an example of the very worst of man?
The Orange Menace is siding with Russia against American institutions.
Where is sports spirit ??? Game is not great than love for country....
Why is still in a feud with the Mayor of London? Seriously. is SUCH a petty, disgusting, failure of a human being that he seems to be incapable of letting ANYTHING go.
Who was talking about 'audacity' again?
Assault on doctors again in Murshidabad Medical College.
Doctors come out on roads to protest against the brutality in West Bengal. , your dictatorship is challenged by these young rebels with a cause.
This proves that is the biggest hacker of
HA! looks too OLD!
Tax breaks for the rich, eh Boris? I never would have guessed it!
Hang on Matt. You’ve already downgraded a promise - with no indication how it will be paid for - TL a pledge. Will it soon be an aspiration. Whatever... it’ll never happen as it’s another Johnson nonsense
Boris Johnson’s no-deal Brexit plan ‘will trigger early election’ Top Tories say attempt to appease hardliners means coalition of support for his leadership bid will not survive the autumn
who is the Bengal government trying to protect ? It's obvious that kins of the patient affected must have hit the doctor. Why no arrest till now ?
Sir Doctors of all over india demand justice for brutal assault of kolkata doctors. Your response will help in raising our voice.
He made it 'ok' to be a nazi. . Hope he spends his next birthday (and all the ones after that) in prison.
Keep tweeting this guys puppet of pakistan
Not enough harassing, your still here. Your like a very unwelcome relative that wont leave. Everyone let's you know but you still stay. Please go.. I promise you'll be very alone once you do.
We work hard try our hardest to save you. A great doctor never wants a bad result or a lost patient! We cry for patients too - Trust me! But, what to do? We are not God - He decides who will get cured, we are only the instrument!
Good job doctors We are stay with u
Is this the same piece of paper McCarthy used to waive around as his list of 'Known Comunists'
urge all proud Indian viewers on ground to display posters of in Pak match ..Jai Hind..
Doesnt Mitch have his own issues? Conflicts of interest Time for
Yes! On!
I salute his love for the nation and soldiers! We are proud you dhoni continue to wear your gloves till we lift the World cup I stand by
mystifies co-hosts by defending with a bizarre rant: ‘It’s my No. fear in life’ -
'No child, just an embryo.' Wow. No baby, just a toddler. No toddler, just a preschooler. No preschooler, just a Kindergartener. No kindergartener just an older child. Not older child, a teenager. Do you hear how stupid your argument is? No acorn, no oak tree.
That was the worst day of our lives. The coward has been ruining America ever since.
Great, I've gotten several tickets to your show. I then wipped my ass with them and burnt them.
Well honestly who does Tim Martin think he is? BoJo's advisor!!
Nuf said.
This is all a lie folks! That’s why Kushner was in Saudi Arabia so much. Saudi Arabia help stage the boat taking a bomb off that oil tanker. Iran has nothing to do with all of this!
That was the best day. Ever.
I demand for twinkle sharma on this constitution ko phasi do
SAY NO
Worst cricket World Cup eerience
Did you find Nicole’s killer yet? And Ron’s?
It's raining tomorrow another washout... Sad.
should act on this! Being the world's dominating cricket board, at least they should appeal to . When we requested, not to play against to support our jawans, 's response was cold. Now, is the time to stand with our jawans
Doctors in huge numbers protesting against CM in Kolkata govt had threatened doctors as a result nationwide protest began
Pete whatever is trump’s kind of guy
I hope you blocked him
This man completely nailed Mamata, her politics and her hypocrisy.
can’t wait to
We also need to address glaring gaps in our public health care system by overseeing staffing,funding,over working by doctors to iron out issues.
Unlike your 'Absolute, Real and Physical act of treason..!'
he said himself he would listen to foreign countries for information on opponents.
Oh dear god. Boris?. He cannot even employ a decent hair dresser. He will be in charge of appointing people to key positions like defence. I have a blow up dingy at the ready. The last person he spoke up for as foreign minister got additional time.
“Mystery in paradise: Suspicious deaths in resorts lead American travelers to cancel their trips” - New York Daily News ⁦⁩ (s)
Pakistan team praying for Rain on Sunday against India because Baap rocks on Father's Day
Thanks for the memories
Latest Pics coming out of UK: Early morning practice seasons by players!!
Dear please take cognizance of this offensive practice. Why should the minor and her family organise feast in the village? Victim and her family is further victimised here. dist The need to punish the is important
Just show ur patriotism on ground against pak we all Indians more happy than just wearing glove ,don't behave like politician ,win a true salute to martyer
The Mr. cool of Indian was forced to remove his gloves But he didn't say anything. He is such an ambassador for cricket. And the entire nation is behind him in all of his decisions
Precollusion?
found this old
of the rebooted 's &amp; w/ &amp; his 'floating device' . ~
| The core demand is security, including CCTVs, security personnel, restricting entry, improving patient-doctor relationship - perhaps with counselling centres. And CM should apologise: Dr Swati and Dr Priyanshu from Resident Doctors Association, AIIMS
Sir, I am a Proud Son of A Soldier who served his motherland, being a Defence lad I Personally feel that if has to put his gloves off just because it has a sign of Army Crest its a on India..No True Indian will bare this..
It's National John McCain Day!!!
Boris in hiding, If Boris frightened of his rank &amp; file tory members how will he fight a GE hiding in downing St if he wins.
Tomorrow's match has % chance of being washed out.
Thanks to all who have followed me. I promise to follow back, but need to get my 'Followed' list culled. I'm working on it! Thank you for your patience.
Cric-n-Show: Cricket World Cup Updates : Ind vs NZ Match Calle...
Speaker directs immediate arrest of of three real brothers via
I can say it, but I'm not going to say it, but many MANY people are saying . But I didn't say it, I'm just quoting other people.
Halsey pays tribute to assaulted lesbian couple, rips ‘straight pride’ parade during London concert
Duncan Hunter's wife pleads guilty to conspiring with husband to use campaign funds for personal use
Twitter is ‘researching’ whether or not they should allow white nationalists to send racist tweets
Yuaraj singh replacement WOLD CUP ???
MPs who blindly support a loser without evidence will ultimately have to face the electorate. Do they think is worth them losing their seats to other parties?
Read everything about Dhoni’s army insignia gloves here:
ICC want something fast and result some one meet yamdut
Imagine this. There are some patriots keeping out secrets from reaching Russia.
AIIMS Delhi doctor continues protest against Bengal violence wearing helmet in viral photo
Sequence of Events. Pic : Mamata issuing Ultimatum to Striking Doctors, to end the Strike within Hours. Pic : seeks Report Pic : during the Call...
HP Deskjet Single Function Ink Advantage Printer Rs.2199 Apply Rs.300 coupon (mrp-3318)
Vote , get James Cleverly doing for him every week.
Now entire know about ... Because of this
Too puffed up to debate
looking desperately for that attention he craves
We are with you
Susan Wright murdered her husband in , she stabbed him times and buried him under the patio. Read more at -
MP - Subhash Chndra Medical College Doctor from Scheduled Tribe community in Madhya Pradesh beaten up by the relatives of patients who wanted 'upper caste' doctor.
We support doctor’s movement against violence. Its time to show unity and fight for physical violence against doctors. Lets come together and build a healthy patient-doctor relationship.
as same as also has to be with India no?! He should wear the 🧤or boycott for the nation first concept! We want that! go f***
But what happened to the attackers? Have they been arrested for attempt of murder or not?
Oh and if you don’t know now you know... &amp;
We r proud of u MSD ..
So based on your story this is what we have to look forward to...
... but the other candidates are not much better. They are Tories, and Tories will never address the problems the UK faces, the problems which will get so much heartbreakingly worse if Brexit goes ahead.
Supporting all the doctors in the country, you deserve better and higher levels of appreciation Take a bow you all.
Ted Cruz floats another theory of how Twitter is censoring conservatives
“Whether authorities classify an act as “terrorist” depends almost entirely on who carries it out, not what they did”
doctors go on strike. It is but important to make a point. I against violence.
When I saw world cup opening seremony, I realised how much ICC prepared for world cup and how is enthusiasm of England about cricket.
Trump's speech is toned-down, but he's still criticizing Democrats
So what?? who ask them to the schedul world cup in ?? They know every thing
The has “jettisoned principle, patriotism &amp; honor. Americans of goodwill must run ’s party out of power up &amp; down the ticket in — &amp; shun those who carried their water when the country needed -tellers.”
Nothing says God's blessing like 'getting even'.
England team wears Poppies ( red flower symbol)which honours war dead, on the right collar of their shirts in the first Test against India in Rajkot Why Dhoni is being stopped to wear a symbol for Martyrs
Rules are meant to be broken. I guess doesn't even know the power of India. Soon they will know
How does a piece of shit like have followers?
Oh god 🤮🤮🤮🤮🤮🤮🤮🤮🤮🤮 🤡🤡🤡🤡🤡🤡🤡🤡🤡🤡🤡🤡🤡
did nothing about the . The is ordering the to allow or she goes to . who created the children gets nothing. parent—forced to bare them—goes to jail. enforces .
No matter what, Dhoni should stand his ground. He is not violating any rule. if so, let announce Indian paramilitary as a sponsor and have the Balidhaan insignia on the shirts of our entire team
Listening to go off on Germany, bitching about the Iran deal, making shit up about Venezuela, and how he’s always right. How in the living fuck did we get into this mess?
Unbelievable. Our government actually wants you to let people die. I fucking despise trump and the crime syndicate Republican Party. It’s all just sickening!
Humble request to our to take the action against wrong doing of you should resign.
is Lt. Colonel and he has right to wear that balidan badge glove...india is proud of .
New Logo
Happy to all true patriots who celebrate.
You broke our hearts Juice.
Late-Night Thinks Trump Must Be Confused About Collusion
Charlie Sykes with the shoutout.
Sometimes I wonder that even after having so much technology; satellites at our service, still Cricket has not been able to modernise itself with the times.This should serve as an eye opener for the authorities. Weather, umpiring should not b d talking point.
Dragging religious matters to defend another point is not a proper way I support dhoni fully He's pride of our country
Doctors at district headquarters hospital wear black badges to eress solidarity with their counterparts protesting violence against some junior doctors in West Bengal
In the midst of crisis, heads to Ayodhya. Must say , it’s deeply moving to see how so many Hindu seers in the temple town talk about the “ love for lord ram “. Hope issue is resolved soon.
Doctors of JIPMER, Pondicherry stand with NRSMCH. We are on a strike today so that such violence against doctors does not happen in the future.
goes on Israeli news channel to announce her new documentary, then gets taken down by the former Israeli ambassador to France, Daniel Shek and the show's host, who highlights the rise in anti-Muslim hate crimes in the UK.
people, we have to do whatever is possible to stop this fake activist from sabotaging our movement.
MOTHERS' These are the three types of most likely to raise a … is yours one of them? doesn't always know best... about raising a son who won't end up scores of people in a fit of rage or frenzy 󠁧󠁢󠁳󠁣󠁴󠁿
ICC doesnt plan for chanpionship trophy. But what they planned was, to show teams how rainy season look like in england
I am so happy to have this opportunity to tell you what a mephitic shitrendous soulless ball sac you are.
irony is that some swines in india are also saying rule are rules, what an idiots, but the fact is is un-necessarily politicising this and raising as an issue.
When she said that, I lost my shit! 'What if that was my boy?' I still can't wrap my mind around what those kids &amp; their loved ones went through. I'm proud as hell of for standing their ground! disgusted it took so long for true justice &amp; compensation!
Story of Simon Magus in the Bible: Acts :7-25 The following are modern-day Simon Magus () examples: 'David Blaine Compilation' . 'Perfume The Story of a ' .
why double standards, how can you allow players to pray on the field. Where are your rules
Funny video of conservative pundits awkwardly criticizing the metric system
Totally washed out due to that rain reason. U r fucking guys y u r keeping this world cup in England ... I know It's a developed country , but for sports full of unhappiness..So go and sit in the room and watching Tv that's the only work u r always doing mother fuck
’s deficit skyrocketed to $207.8 billion in the month of May -
Some things never change! Repost profthuggy What’s Pissing Me Off Today? Shittiest Person in the World, Jr. …
STOP GIVINGOJATTENTION
New logo for world Cup designed by ICC
A billion Cricket fans waited four years to watch how it rains in England
These lame photo ops are becoming like a parody account, given Rome is burning as you tweet.
Barber's Club Black Charcoal Peel Off Mask with Honey, g Rs.173 (mrp-599)
Even you haven't crashed the market and you bankrupted casinos. I do know that the national debt is at an all time high and you don't reimburse people who loan you money.
, do not listen to any sane voice right now. Listen to your media and force your team to boycott this world cup!!!
prison would be too good for him.
Junior doctors in hold protests in support of West Bengal doctors - India Today
Well done and thank you : 'Confused by Boris Johnson´s bluster? We´ve translated his launch speech, so you don´t have to.'
Truth from Russia with love 🤣
Kind of waiting what meal your president is going to offer you. Bet my life is not a BigMac.
PM has achieved the /4th of the objective he had set himself. The remaining /4th has embarked upon fulfilling it. What MK Gandhi failed to have done Rahul will achieve.
. The End
IMPEACH DONALD TRUMP.
Thanks for fund raising on the promise of Obamacare repeal from Republican voters only to screw them over by deciding it was more important to put yourself first just to screw Trump in a personal vendetta. 'preciate it.
Before you say please look at those grounds in England and imagine how difficult it was to design cover for grounds with such weird shape.
It look like the rain is granting chivalry to icc board for arrangements shikhar dhawan is the only one to enjoy it. for arrangements
Fuck Trump.
Happy
Better watched your head.
Dear ICC, Focus on match venue not on Dhoni's gloves! 'England's rainy weather is putting a damper on cricket fans' moods ️'
Any kids should be given capital punishment .
and yeah
InshaAllah we will be supporting our Chairman and in every protest against this , Nalahiq Niazi..!
ICC is trying their best to stop dhoni from showing his love to army.Dhoni should retaliate by donating his one year income to indian army.
Parents reaction when a doctor returns home safely in Bengal...
Blaming Joe Biden? Proves you’re truly . Best of luck. , and . Democrats have a plan. Republicans have a plan.
We stand with infact
Tripura doctors protest in solidarity with doctors in West Bengal ''
What rules you are referring? Rules of having namaz in the play ground? We can understand your feeling.
This man completely nailed Mamata, her politics and her hypocrisy.
Thanks for covering this. For years the working conditions at the government run hospitals remained the same. Being an alumni from Kolkata I feel sorry for my medical friends, seniors and juniors. we support you
yo, fuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuck trump. y'all's president is TRASH!!!!!!
Belgian backpacker reveals how Gumtree lured her into shed and kept her - Jun :50 AM ET
Dear ICC, please don't forget that BCCI is your father..... So,mind on your business.... Do better umpiring....
A billion Cricket fans waited four years to watch how it rains in England
This is the man that you think will make a great for fucks sake, God help us
Poorest management of Need to change venues Please take a look of geographical And environmental conditions Not only on gloves.....
And the protest is on
Nation demand Justice for Twinkle Sharma Watch Live at Sudarshan News
MCK 5 a.m Mass resignations begin at R.I.O. Faculty members said the entire dept. will file mass resignations at 0 p.m. after filing their resignations at the directors office. They stand in complete solidarity with our protests.
Looks like somebody doesn't understand what Treason is.
Retweets Extremist &amp; Gets Exactly What He Deserves
Because dictators love stupid populations- right ?
No less than he deserves. Boris Johnson (or Boorish Johnson as I call him) is unfit to be our next Prime Minister.
Labour MP Wes Streeting listed on Twitter the various occasion Boris Johnson made fantasy claims, broke promises and launched eensive ‘vanity projects’ as Mayor of London. Time to fact-check Boris Johnson’s mayoralty.
Nothing wrong in wearing the proud badge.. ICC have to consider...
So basically does not tell the truth. Not only does he not tell the truth, he made promises that he came nowhere close to delivering and does not seem to care. What is his motivation? It is unlikely to be your welfare.
The IMA has announced Strike, just note the date '17 June'. The ultimatum given by is only of hours, I would like to inform that it will go beyond the time limit. Be Ready..... ‍️‍️️
Uh. No. He thought he'd make it big, he had no intention of losing any money and if he has, it was because he eed himself as the conman most of us knew he is. These two assholes are either conned or are conmen themselves.
MSD on glove row: Will stick to ICC’s rules Thank you for following the rules and keeping Cricket, exactly what it is, A Sport! Desh Bhakti dikhaneke aur bhi tareeke hai
People Think Rohit Steal the Show. But they Don't know, What happen After That
is trending at Number on Twitter. It took half a decade of writing posts as a blogger and pleading as a doctor on social media to finally see this one moment when the Twitterverse is supporting doctors protesting against violence.
Chief Minister Mamata Banerjee extends olive branch to doctors, invites them to meet her on Saturday to end stir.
ANOTHER ONERY DEM.....
MARD spokesperson Deepak Munde, , said the government needs to spend more on healthcare
stand with u..
India went to play the world cup not on war. It's better to follow the rule of ICC and stay away from controversy to be focused on game..!!
This world cup should be ban !! Rain rain rain motherfuckerr ICC Shift this world to another country or ban this world cup
Group Wants Dems to Kavanaugh for
would be better off with this:
Time to , . Know more here....
Farewell ! Your lies for the asshole POTUS Will NEVER be missed.
Mahendra Singh Dhoni's love for the Nation, Armed Forces and Soldiers has been intact which is truly commendable. He is Nation's Hero. No one represents our Country better than him. I stand with
Please read &amp; Retweet so that this can reach to maximum people !
Onlineshoppee Cube Floating Wall Shelf, Set of Rs.999 (mrp-2980) More:
sick f**ks
Proud of paramilitary forces and proud of Dhoni
Pull out of world cup
happy birthday you racist dumbass!!! I’m having tacos for lunch in your honor. And here’s a picture of your favorite senator.
That's really clever. Have you ever thought of writing something
Yesterday Congress : blood donations are necessary blah blah blah Today Congress : snubbed on injustice on doctors in wb Shame on u so called national opposition
Who will in ?
Who else????? Like... if you as well
SHOULD JUST FUCK KIM JONG UN ALREADY &amp; GET IT OFF HIS CHEST !
So will be with Glove or it will be of Feelings of ... OR prevails... Jo bhi ho All wants is Victory in match...
Official press release of movement. These are the demands for resuming all duties.
Today the only bigger question in cricket fan's mind than who will win match is which GLOVES will use?
When you really like a certain celebrity and then they come out as an 🤦‍️ How embarrassing
should be brought under GoI control. Full of corrupt, compromised cowards who for the sake of money always letting us patriots down. Failed to take head-on in this matter of national pride. Shame!!.
is not a
NO SHIT, SHERLOCK! wants impeachment. . .it’s more attention and he can play “poor me.”
This is getting bigger! Dr. Plaban Mukherjee the first cardiologist to carry out a successful heart transplant in a govt. medical hospital in India &amp; East India resigns. …
This is the day that reminds the world that should have been aborted. and while I’m at it for being a whore that fucks this piece of after birth abortion
The Offiical Press release by Doctors
Sit his ass down! Tape his fingers and duct-tape his mouth. Then throw him in a cage with the immigrants. Problem solved! Such a vision. America, Free of Trump. Darn, I just woke up. Dems will do nothing.
Oye!!!, Islamic Cricket Council aka ICC ban this thing too (watch video). Also stop eating lays chips all the time, do some constructive work.
I love you !!!! Thank you for your support!!!
A very good initiative taken by By filing PIL against Mansoor Khan founder and director of IMA group. May Allah Help you brother and may everyone get their hard earned money back.
We Hold Scalpel To Operate And Cure Not Guns To Treat Mankind Insecure We Give Painkillers To Reduce Your Pain Not Wound To Make You Blood Stained We Cure Secure And Serve As True Nationalist We Are Doctors Not Terrorists !
Embassies worldwide are defying Trump &amp; flying the Pride flag without permission. Gotta love that attitude~
BREAKING: Trump asserts executive privilege to block access to census documents–President Don… via for iOS
Rallies will be held across tomorrow for of . Check local for details. Prove that we do not tolerate the hatred that has crippled this country
If you can tweet for Syria and Paris . Why not for doctors of your own country ? Such a shame that cm of Bengal is doing injustice to doctors and the normal public is silent.
Doctors are resigning, Its more than Now ... People are dying without proper treatment !! (Only the Poor) Ruling govt. Is threatening ,doing whatever they want. Central government is silent, bcz vote is over
Now, they find wearing a 'बलिदान' badge objectionable ? How long will we be tolerating these whimsical dictations. ji, plz don't bow. India stands with u, we won't stop respecting things which bring us pride.
This is a standard process for all dictators to remove the free press from society. No doubt got this from the only book he has read, 'Mein Kampf'.
A simile to 'banggaan ng barko' is 'banggaan ng eroplano'. With the sky so vast (not unlike the waters), when planes collide in flight, it is still an accident? Traitor .
Some much needed clarification after unhinged comments yesterday. FACT CHECK: Foreign Interference And 'Opposition Research' Are Not The Same
...look at pak team...wht is going on.....nw this is appropriate...???boycott icc ...
Spectacular Win over Australia The captain and players has worked hard to defeat the Australian Team. Also !!
THAT IS WHO HE IS!!!!
? Nope. GO FUCK YOURSELF is more like it.
Butterfly Eco SS Water Bottles from Rs.145
had to be the best but due to the minor thoughts of it turned worst can host the tournaments best... Listen Michael Phelps claims the WC trophy coz he is best swimmer shame on you
Its :43 did i miss it? Awwww
Every person who is attending next match of Indian team vs australia should wear a t shirt or clothing with balidaan insignia printed on it. That would be good response to ICC.
just flat out admitted he’s a
East Turkestan National Anthem
We don’t need check “Date of birth “ of !! If he is “matured” enough to , Then he is “matured” enough to be
Hilarious because closely brushing the truth 🤣🤣 Boris Johnson dodging public debates to avoid inadvertently fathering a child during one - via
can support a terrorist country()to participate in wc tournament but they refushed a true country lover sir to wear his 'Balidaan' sign gloves. 🤘🤘 🇮🇳🇮🇳🇮🇳
Couldn't agree more. Stop this atrocities on Doctors. Have heard they are still diagnosing patients but not taking money since it will be unethical for them to take money during strike, but yet not defying there duty. Deserve respect.
So basically,
In supporting Johnson, desperate MPs know they are backing an idle, lying charlatan, writes Conservative commentator Simon Heffer.
How big of a must one be to do this to a ?
House Approves Court Action to Enforce Democrats’ Subpoenas
Who is to decide?
This is so disturbing
Well yeah, and then you enlisted Russia to help you and just did so again.
More than ,000 complaints have been filed against IMA group of companies by the victims
Trump Now Says He Would ‘Absolutely’ Report Foreign Help
should hold famous indian 'Denga Pani' world cup in this weather rather than
And we will rally against it,
I dunno. Syphilis red? -mao
Let's support our Doctors 🤗
Good riddance. That's why I put in my bio.I really think there are some fake resisters on here.
So in other words they intend to do exactly what he said in the ABC interview.
‘Flying Object’ Struck Tanker in Gulf of Oman, Operator Says, Not a Mine
We know the real OJ.
I really want rain wash away match ..... I oppose it.
is really lost her mind n plot completely.. She has cross psychic levels to satisfy the minority as what she feels can keep her in power but sadly not..
If ICC allowed Dhoni to wear military insignia in his Gloves then Fakhar should be allowed to put a photo of ABhinandan on his Helmet on th June.
MS Dhoni plays for his country, not for ICC or BCCI and he has every right to keep the badge and support the special armed forces. We love u Dhoni
in INDIA the SCHOOL KID know how to use WHEATHER FORECAST before going.....but ..ICC DON'T KNOW how to use?? ....make me OFFICIAL of ICC....
I liked the pledge of £350m/wk for the - do you think will make good on his pledges in the order he promised them? If so he's got a lot to do if he'll sort the internet out by .
I know quite a few people who would like to 'get even' with you You did it, you admitted it, and you deserve to rot.
'Blame is your own..' 'Covering up 'a lack of Democracy' within the CON 'Regress' is not going to improve the fortunes of your Party.'
not just doctor but even I, a common man, civilian / citizen of India is with and always against Hitlergiri
Official logo of this after some modifications.
This is why i love this motherfucker... Shuts people down easily
He said it again, No Collusion, No obstruction. What innocent person would do that? He's guilty as sin. I'm sick over nobody doing anything about having a TRAITOR in our White House
She is more of a Patriot then that treasonous Russian loving trump.
Say it with us GEORGE POPODOPOLIS Not benghazi. only hire the best people.
ICC turns down 's request to allow to continue wearing the army insignia on his wicket-keeping gloves; ICC says regulations for ICC events do not permit any individual message or logo to be displayed on any items of clothing or equipment.
ICC's WORST AND FOOLISH DECISION TO SET THE TOURNAMENT IN ENGLAND's BAD WEATHER CONDITIONS AND IN EARLY MONSOON , BREAKS HEARTS OF CRICKET FANS
From a known liar and contributor. Great work Slimewell, great work!
, the party that excused a president, do the right thing?
is the political equivalent of getting a tattoo when you're drunk, seems fun &amp; harmless at the time, then it gets embarrassing, then annoying and eventually you end up resenting it &amp; realise it's going to be very painful to get rid of.
Read it. Slowly
Happy !
Enjoy? Your narcissism knows no bounds.
No Whitehouse visit this year!
Painted this in Islington
Happy
Don’t forget they haven’t done a White House press briefing in about a year and just fired Sarah BS Sanders.
Let’s not forget ... Today is which is infinitely more celebratory than the birthday of a pathological lying corrupt criminal traitor.
Dear It's Not Just a Symbol, It's our pride.
It’s classic MO.
Only people who are truly safe in Bengal are: - Mamata Banerjee &amp; her party workers - People who agree to her terms Law &amp; order is seriously damaged. Not sure if peace can be restored in Bengal after years of goonda-rule.
Johnson has wimped out of a live Channel TV debate on Sunday night. He will be represented by an empty chair ..
As forecasted by me much earlier, begins with
⁦⁩ shuts down Jordan during hearing: I'm speaking. One thing we can always count on ⁦⁩ being a
Imagine wishing a traitor bigot a happy Birthday....guess inbred trailer Trash needs a hobby too!!!🤔
It's so satisfying yet horrifying.
: So long gullible are existing this type of crafty crooks will thrive Even to day if some one start similar loot scheme, people will throng in hordes After this goes wrong they will start weeping in front of cameras
Tune in to the latest episode of to hear the story of . His death was ruled a , but suggests it may have been . Episode . for $50 off!
The 'new law' fake promises are coming!
OH HELL NO!
Oh, you poor dear... Fasten your seatbelt. This is only the beginning. 🇺🇲🇺🇲🇺🇲
I could crack a joke about it but that wouldn’t make it any bit the merrier! This is sad beyond the depths of the deepest pits....
What’s worse than a hillbilly? How about a hillbilly revving a -wheelers engine in his driveway for min! !
What will you do on th match of india vs pakistan there same weather like previous match fans are waiting for prope decision from ... better you shift all matches to other ground or make some good solution on this regard...
Last nite he didn't turn up to the interview with the public, nor did he today with the journalists...ergo, he's ruled out of the job! Country has had enough of 'scripted' leaders!
We're not aware of how many children he has, Jacob
Yeah...hard pass.
to Support from Pseudo Secular Politicians make Muslims violent. Like in , they vandalised a Hospital in Hyderabad in Dec'18. Ajay Alok
How can I remove all OJ Twitter posts from my timeline?
Hahaha someone is scared.
Why in the hell is OJ Simpson on Twitter now???? Who would be stupid enough to follow him on here or even tweet to him??
'One has to be a lowbrow, a bit of a , to be a , ready and willing to see people sacrificed, slaughtered, for the sake of an , whether a good one or a bad one.' in
your own party is turning against you. We all see you, we know you care only about one thing, yourself. You're done for.
year preparations for this ?
Prominent white supremacists are still on YouTube in wake of ban
Either rain or one sided games. This World Cup sucks big fucking time.
Time that the agitating doctors and Mamatadi sat for a chat and resolved the issues. Doctors you may be right and have proved your point, but patients need treatment. Let better sense prevail.
Deleting k emails with recipes in them is the real obstruction... 🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣
trophy re- designed
Just abysmal. Anything to make Comrade Trump happy.
West Indies rocked Pakistan, Pakistan pauper(ed) England, and England scissored West Indies.
The fraudster(s) behind IMA Ponzi scheme
| Abhishek Shaw, a second year MBBS student at Calcutta National Medical College and Hospital sustained head injury after miscreants pelted bricks on agitating doctors. Follow live updates:
This is very dangerous ! Can we finally lock him up for sedition now? At the very best, for not protecting the constitution of the United States. At the worst, he is a traitorous Russian agent.
Doctors please remember that no liberal secular supposedly socialist person has come to support you it's only the bhakts who are supporting you. Do remember who it stands with justice and fair play. ाष्ट्र_प्रथम
With the real running scared &amp; not engaging with the media (unless of course he’s being paid £k’s for it!) or the wider public we will have to make do with
If all remaining get washed : NZ - Ind - Eng - Aus - WI - SL - Pak - Bang - SA - Afg - Semi Final Aus vs NZ (If rain continues), NZ Eng vs Ind (If rain continues), Ind Final Ind vs NZ (If rain continues), NZ - India will win jointly 🤣🤣
Trump said something about China that isn't even close to true
Wow this fucktard really just said that he wouldn't have allowed Kim Jung Un's haha brother cooperate with the under his presidency
Doctors are not punch bags
Did I forget to wish you a VERY HAPPY
It’s a good thing that clarified that all of the other OJ accounts are fake... wouldn’t want anyone, you know, compromising his reputation or anything crazy. A lot of bad people out there
Trump Says in Oval Office Interview If Russia Offered Dirt on His Opponent He’d Do Exactly What He Did Before—Take It
Breaking News. After all the controversies, Dhoni decides how to tackle the issue for Sunday's Clash. Decides to Parajump into the ground with the badges !!!
Slazenger Footwear from Rs.449 % Off
Here everyone supports doctors &amp; mamta get slap on her face which has oozing with arrogance ! You can say SLAP OF THE CENTUARY !
Every morning I wake up hoping I have an alert on my phone saying has died from a massive stroke or heart attack. Him being assassinated would be more ideal, but I’ll take his own body giving out.
This is an insult to real Americans!!
Sarah Sanders failed in almost every aspect of her job
He sounds and acts like Steven Seagal doing his best (or worst) version of a New York tough guy. Or is this an outake from the Sopranoes?
Do you think ICC not giving permission to Dhoni to use gloves with Army Insignia sign is justified?
If I haven’t said it today FUCK TRUMP 🤷‍️
How about a statement on Donald's interview with ?
Trump politicizes Mexico deal, adding to doubts it is a mirage
The of in its full glory! The man is a fraud is his con.
I thought they are getting down but dhoni's glove argument made me think twice about everything I mean what kinda of intolerancy they are facing from the insignia basically every indian should say something because that insignia is the pride 🇮🇳🇮🇳
don't u guys wonder only team to have played all there matches in this raining summer have been &amp; rest all have or matches washed-out..how come there is no rain interruption at there venue..
Happy !
The proof is called “The Mueller Report”. You too can read the redacted version, as a citizen of the United States I felt it was my duty to read.
India vs Pakistan match should arrange on space centre to avoid rain.
I still can't believe that got away with it... There is no justice in this world. Hay juice, do the world a favor and crawl into a wood chipper...
You sound scared donnie, but of whom?
Entitled privileged attitude of the British elite establishment mafia ruling class..... says it all and why
Itne badhe event k liye proper planning krna chahiye tha....dranege system and comfortable cover ka use hona chahiye tha...is trh kaise hr match cancel hota rhega🤛
All those Tukde tukde gang award wapasi gang , democracy in danger gang etc Don't consider doctors as part of society These draculas have no sympathy for doctors Only they want is VVIP treatments Shame on them
Happy
People who r scared with r saying there is no . India is witnessing mammoth crowd across Bharat to listen to ji. I am Happy with &amp; with Congress. With this, is sure about
Johnny in Fantastic4
It would be irresponsible for Tory MPs to opt for , perhaps more irresponsible than holding a % threshold referendum. For the Country’s and Party’s sake please go for !
Man of the match RAIN Man of the series RAIN winner of world cup RAIN The trophy of WORLD CUP thrown in sea.
If you were a good person no one would believe the 'lies' told about you and you wouldnt have to waste your time defending yourself. Perhaps you are really just a Accepting this reality will be the first step in recovery.
The logo on his glove can't change in results on the field. Sports is a way to Compete with opponents, Not war with enemies, Using the logo of military on his glow gives the message of irrelevant dominance that can lead to distress. So unprofessional of him
Says someone who doesn't know how to punctuate.
Dude ... you’ve all but admitted your crimes. Give it a rest - we all know you’re guilty, inept, uneducated and crapping all over the Constitution.
mindly disturb to the Indian team in world cup matches .. Bumarh medical test and ..Dhoni gloves issue To take care Indian squad ICC only focused on Indian squad please take care our squad
I saw the helicopter UKP04 circling around Culcheth. I'm a citizen concerned for my safety so please can you tell me what has happened?
Being LGBT is now the height of respectability, while being Toby Young is morally suspect.
Violence is not the answer. It doesn't get you what you've lost nor does it give you the satisfaction of justice. Doctors deserve better than this.
One of the noble profession I feel personally is Medical profession aka Doctor's, I've seen so many doctors who cares and treats patients with utmost diligence whatever happened in Kolakatta not at all acceptable and CM response on incident disgusting
He should be long gone by now.
I love it when you have these childish tantrums! Lol!
This must surely give the other candidates hope ...
people, for this fake activist from sabotaging our movement.
Mahendra Singh Dhoni's love for the Nation, Armed Forces and Soldiers has been intact which is truly commendable. He is Nation's Hero. No one represents our Country better than him. I stand with
Hear's hoping to soon being able to wish a happy birthday when he is a private citizen. Happy Holidays and Happy Flag Day! Only thing that makes sense to me re .
So what's had to say for himself at this then?
The NRA begs gun nuts for donations, spends lavishly on its board of directors and execs
How is this picture bears any relevance to protest? Who is the editors who are charged with content publishing?
YOU ARE TALKING EXACTLY ABOUT YOURSELF!! YOU are a bunch of , , , , , ,
So stupid it's scary.
How a California Community Helped Hundreds of Migrants the Border Patrol Dropped at a Greyhound Station
Weather forecast before big tournaments are the basic things which is not done by also the worst umpiring is not seen.. coz is too busy arguing about 's gloves! WOW great right!!! .. Aga icc padhavi vilaga vendrum
Hey these hashtags came up under your name for some reason...
Hey OJ! You need work? I've got some trees that need trimming and I'm looking for someone that's good with a blade.
If all remaining get washed : NZ - Ind - Eng - Aus - WI - SL - Pak - Bang - SA - Afg - Semi Final Aus vs NZ (If rain continues), NZ Eng vs Ind (If rain continues), Ind Final Ind vs NZ (If rain continues), NZ - India will win jointly 🤣🤣.
Pakistani players offered Namaz many times on ground then never get objection from ICC.. But MS Dhoni can't wear army insignia Gloves ??
EXACTLY. rain and such interruptions which are pretty normal in England at this time of the year, and that is the most vexing part of the whole botched-up scheduling.
Whoever brought the charges against him should themselves be brought up on charges.
can see badge but doesn't see the ground was not covered. Most developed Country in and call as the national sports Yet can't do anything for the biggest tournament. Learn something from
Last year at Wembley, a Seahawks fan was shouting break his legs nearly every play
We don't need to check D.O.B of a . If he is matured enough to Rape. He is matured enough to be .
Tremendous crowds? I was there this afternoon, and this was the scene . Check out the protests tomorrow
Well I laughed.
Aw, come on, man! getting trolled on his birthday? Son of a bitch! On ?! Aw, damn it! Looks like is going to crash the party tonight.
Responds To Admitting He'd Commit A Felony To Win
The replies to this tweet illustrate the difference between Facebook and twitter in Tennessee. also, .
Try all you want to Fat Donny. You are the WORST president in the history of our great nation. You will FOREVER be known as America’s Russian Manchurian president.
Give it up Kayleigh! Trump base may buy what you are selling but most of us who have been paying attention don't. Nice deflection, which has always been your signature
Trump waves text of Mexico deal in front of reporters — but refuses to detail what it says
“I’m backing him because % of my people said to and not because I actually have an opinion or a spine of my own”
CNN reporter: Sanders hasn't held a briefing in days
Angry Relatives Of Patients roughing up &amp; mishandling Doctors is old story. So is protest by Doctors to counter such misbehaviour. But BJP has achieved a first by converting this into Muslims vs Doctors.
Happy Birthday President Trump? How about and fuck ?
stop violence against doctors 🥼
Happy Happy Happy Happy
Coming soon to what? Confess your guilt? To kill again? To pay your civil debit? To rob again? To pretend you are still loved? You are a murderer. You will always be remembered as the man who got away with murder. No more juice.
If has any problem with Indian army's insignia then he should get a tattoo done for himself like or to keep ICC's mouth shut |{}
Says Committed A Crime By Inviting More Election Interference
This!
Raptor fans are pathetic cheering for an injury
To all those who are not BOTHERED about , You will only be BOTHERED when doctors stop BOTHERING !
The Mayor seemed far less concerned when he was pissing away millions on his Olympic legacy bid
So assassination is not as bad as what he’s eerienced.
bcci for icc.. after worst management from icc.. 'Important ye nhi voh chutiya hai Important ye h ki voh hmara ladka..Hai..'
Dhoni will have to remove dagger insignia from gloves, says ICC
Absolutely. Utter joke that he is even being considered. Clueless doesn’t even begin to cover it
Junior doctors in hold protests in support of West Bengal doctors - India Today
We cricket lovers waited years to witness this greatest Cricket tournament. And all the enthusiasm is now washed away by the rains in England. ICC should have Focused more on venue than on someone's glove.
House committee passes bill to block Trump admin immigration changes
That is just tyrannical and insane!
Warner Brothers: Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles ('90) Special Edition Sign the Petition via
In one interview, referred to , a convicted , as the real victim.
ICC want something fast and result some one meet yamdut
Doctors’ Protests Gain Momentum; Nearly Doctors Resign In West Bengal
According to rule shouldn't wear the and Indian shouldn't always take the advantage of it's population.
All the best to for another swimming competition on Sunday against 🇮🇳 . 🇵🇰
shows he is a coward and can't debate in a live format because of all the lies, broken promises he's made like the changing wind.
They don’t have the authority or legal right to do % of the shit they’re doing &amp; yet HERE WE ARE
Oh goody, a marmite Tory leader attempting to deliver the marmite policy of Brexit. Best estimate you've boosted your % in the polls to %. Its still not enough to win the next election
WHoa ... WtF this shit is crazy 🤔🧐🤦‍️
World Wide Demonstration for Beijing Olympic. (Japan)
what are you doing icc.why did you held the at england.
Orenthal has joined Twitter.
Britain better pray that doesn't get rained out. There will be riots otherwise.
Between this fight of TMC &amp; BJP, these doctors are paying price of doing their work with dedication. A junior doctor in BHCM was beaten to an extent that his skull fractured and he is fighting for his life in ICU. I fully support .
So Marco Rubio thinks I’m a because I don’t necessarily believe the habitually or the Mohamed Bin Salaam. I don’t believe the lying Iranian Clerics either. Fuck Marco Rubio’s dumb ass.
You could make a drinking game every time Hannah jumps up on one of the bachelor's and wraps her legs around him.
I will identify this kit by the his bag and pads the name of this legend is 🇮🇳🇮🇳🇮🇳
That is none of your business! That Mayor tells the truth so naturally you hate him. Slander, lies and hatred. The Trump mantra!
The EU has already said no.. This means no deal. Parliament has already said no.. This means Johnson is screwed. Also why isn't Johnson doing interviews.
This Central Park show is tough to watch.
It is really if you got stroke any one is delaying to give treatment you come to know so support
Bless our .
'Happy Birthday Mr. President' I hope all them candles blow in the direction of that sprayed hair . Sticky looking Mother Fucker with no soul. Aint it time for him to see a Dr. ?? He is long past due.
please ask to remove this logo
I blocked him!
Why is Ima Jewels Scam isn't a national news No big media house is covering this news on big level The people of have been cheated in this Fraud We hate selected media coverage
Too to be a . The Strange Killer: A Gripping Mystery Novel (The Missing Thieves Book ) by ... via
So apparently % of the population wouldn’t buy a used car from . Used car, leadership of our country... guess all the same really. Either way, we’re heading for a crash...
Elizabeth Warren wants Congress to uphold its duty and impeach the President
disagree fr special protection to doctors. should given dem confidence dat all r safe in WB.all citizens r protected by law dats it.Assualt on doctor should b investigated &amp; leniency frm doctor perspective should als b investigated in Kolkata case
Looks like th team(rain) is playing in ICC cricket World Cup ,and playing well indeed...
keep ur focus on umpiring then to have focus on dhoni's gloves....
This must be watched, brilliant. We need more calling out, but from the UK press please now. 'Not just looks like a fucking moron, but actually IS a fucking moron'.
Shujaat Bukhari's murder was pre planned by Indian agencies and u like politicians... of innocent Kashmir's
Max Hastings, ex editor of Telegraph: “Boris Johnson is one of the most brilliant and entertaining journalists that I know, but the tragedy is he thinks he is Winston Churchill - when in reality he is Steve Coogan” ..
now every time i log in to twitter..there is some shaming going on. And now-
Wonderchef Power Aluminium Pressure Cooker Set, -Pieces, Silver Rs.2199 (mrp-4000)
GETTIN READY TO WATCH FOX N FRIENDS WITH MY IDIOT BUDDY, DOG VOMIT TRUMP
Just tried writing a tweet in the search bar🤦‍️
oval office moron. &lt;heavy sigh&gt;
He only did that because it feeds his ego. Try and criticize him and it doesn’t matter who you are, you will be attacked until and beyond your death!
Your still at % for the national average. Once again you're confusing Obama's rating of % as your own.
If only ICC Officials focussed on planning the schedule and venue of World Cup as much as they focus on MS Dhoni's gloves.
but why are we giving a mass murderer a standing ovation??
Yes, next time you brutally murder two people, you can tweet it out to all your followers! Picture broadcasting from the back of the Ford Bronco, LIVE on Twitter!
Well he figured he git away with it the first time, why not do it again.
Would have loved to have seen these fingers broken.
He screwed up both education and the justice system and now wants to replace Vat. He has no idea the implications of the financial cost, not only on purchases but the whole accounting system.
Why does the leader of the free world find the need to even care about the mayor of a city in another country????
The talent pool for cricket administration in is very limited. Umpiring gaffes, bails which don't come off, holding World Cup in the rainy months of May-June etc. But shameless is unperturbed! Class action suit for mismanagement is reqd. ;
Like we are surprised.
and Soon we await
Butterfly Curve SS Pressure Cooker, L Rs.1570 (mrp-2359) More:
: Despite-of the fact that didn't allowed Mr. to wear those gloves, but this controversy gave full publicity to his cause. You always rock !
We are with the doctors of west bengal. From Bhavnagar, Gujrat.
The United States of America needs a new President!
Diverse Men's Solid Slim fit Formal Shirt (Pack of ) Rs.460 (mrp-1998)
I can't believe this is real.
A worrying headline - when even the uses 'Boris Johnson' and 'crown' in the same sentence.
Episode : Fuck off Tommy! Molly-Mae has every right to be fuming!! You’re literally going round to all the boys saying your head has turned but yet you was like to Lucie and Molly-Mae no girl who walks in the Villa will turn my head! pathetic
BCCI ne captain ke sivay kishiko bhi wave back karne ko strictly mana Kiya hai. Due to
Swamiji when we will get money from and when you will show good gestures to people who lost money. In biggest scam. . Your good friends are involved hence?Can you give to CBI investigation? IF YOU R TRUE KANNADIGA?
Icc and england cricket destroying big world cricket. England doesn't Deserve host the world cup.
And lie some more
Is Namaz also banned? Why was some teams are allowed to do religious act where on others are stopped on their patriotism,is biased? should stop , if required we will stop
We are with you dhoni, this belongs our emotion towards our nation
Looks like has a soulmate.
Mamta are you a human?
It’s All Over Again
Don't cancel matches due to Rain. Just Give them Football.
The best answer to activism. Get ,000 T-Shirts / Caps printed with the &amp; distribute among the spectators tomorrow. Flood the stadium with .
It would be irresponsible for Tory MPs to opt for , perhaps more irresponsible than holding a % threshold referendum. For the Country’s and Party’s sake please go for !
Yeh let all the illegals stay at your place Tom
Should be hanged to death.
New game... How many dippin' sauces are in the pockets/purse of these two? My guess?
Maybe dishonest polls. Maybe dishonest voters (say one thing and vote a different way). Maybe dishonest candidates. But not dishonest media they just report on the information they are given or uncover.
just confessed to being a traitor -
was a and
Today, they thrashed a doctor. Tomorrow, it might be you , your family, friends or team. Doctor’s movement should be supported by other professions also. Come on the streets , demand for justice and security.
You Buffon , the next time you organize the Cricket World Cup in UK, Conduct it ONLY in Thames River, By then, the would have practiced playing cricket in Rivers .. It will not have a dependency on Weather.
I think icc full supporting to England to go semi finals and win the World Cup, because no rain in England match's You can do anything but England is not going to win World Cup
I don't trust polls. When our election is stolen via disinformation and hacking do we say 'I don't trust polls'. Today I feel confident that the HOUSE will NOT allow another power to steal an election. Today I trust the current polls... !
Unprecedented support for , finally after a long time has shown again
Literally just called the majority of our population losers.
Please don't Marsha Blackburn🤣🤣🤣
Gotta hand it to Obama - at least he never met with foreign leaders in secret and destroyed the translators’ notes...
The way is hosting the tournament in England without checking the weather conditions If rains continues then should reschedule the matches
: Indian Fans Unleash Their Wrath Upon ICC After Another World Cup Washout
Trump cancels Iran Nuclear Deal. Trump is surprised Iran won’t adhere to former Nuclear Deal (which Trump cancelled). No wonder Don “The Art of the Deal” Trump has killed or bankrupted anything he touches.
Let me coin a new term for Trump: What, was already coined? So was ...
Now your boy Trump is going to start a war with Iran. Trying hard to change narrative away from Obstruction and Impeachment.
Happy !
Fact Four makes documentary aired on BBC2 and wins Scottish BAFTA presents history television show. Then produces a sequel, through his own production company,
Dear MS Dhoni, being the true gentleman that you are, I am sure you will follow the ICC request to remove the insignia on your gloves. But when we lift the world cup, please make sure you wear it.
THIS FRIDAYJackhammer Complex at :30 &amp; Cockroaches! ️️🤲🤲⭐️⭐️🤠🤔️⭐️🤩🤠️🥰🥰️🤣🥰🥰🥰
This comment section is filled with Russian bots and NASCAR fans
Call themselves the most developed country in the world. Call Cricket as the national sport of the country. Yet can't cover the grounds during rains in the biggest cricket tournament in the world! What a great choice for venue, London!
don't change gloves make a sticker on it of your daughter's name.
How will you take out before the st October
Who's responsible for mounts of ....
Hahaha. anavaru doesn't even know who Mansoor Khan is, who he says met him in an event and had come with But there are so many pictures floating around Sir.
This comments thread is a real 'who's who' of whote supremecy!
U.S. budget deficit now $739 Billion, despite GOP promises and Trump tariffs
The loves how stupid is! They are thriving off of it.
: Why are you silent ?
Who voted for you!! All about Trump as always.
people, we have to stop this fake activist troll from ruining our movement.
Hell yeah! I'm in!
After protester interrupts his speech, Biden tells crowd: 'Be nice, this is not a Trump rally'
If BCCI couldn't stand with Dhoni then it's high time that Government of India takes over BCCI now, so that the monopoly of BCCI will not be entertained in future by India.
You forgot
Funny how talking about remaking GOT s8 &amp; signing petitions for that was more important to you than people who work hard day &amp; night to serve you &amp; are getting threats of acid attacks, death threats and are being beaten up.
I’d celebrate the better man any day was a hero and patriot Bone Spurs is Neither a patriot nor a hero No one would say those things about McCain
We r With U Because U r Not Presenting Any Religious and Political Party in Stadium. U r Pride of India
I am with you And I hope entire country with you this time
Amazing how insecure is that he has to tweet this
Only a dozen? Thats all? What a rally! ”The crowd of around a dozen supporters held banners, including one with the message 'Free Assange',”
Read my thoughts on …
continues to try sooooo hard to remain relevant. is the only one who cares
Written by one of the protesters in Kolkata. Read through their agony and pain.
Gosh! If it is that easy to be PM, just say nothing, then perhaps I will think about having a go!
Today doctors are 'fighting', tomorrow teachers will join, than Sangh will activate their cell in each and every sector. Mamata is trapped, cannot fight the Modi-Shah alone. With messy handling is handing over on the platter WB to Modi-Shah.
Save the doctors save the democracy
This is the main truth now
I’ve seen racer chases in women but this guy on your left is definitely a driver chaser.
Why don’t you make this part of official logo and have it on all players uniform, helmets?
This shouldn't stop unless there's a strong action from the centre in the form of a law to protect doctors.
How does that help those who don’t reach the dizzying heights of a % tax bracket?
Canada: Good at basketball USA: Has basketball for President In the words of the famous Robert de Niro: “'
Not like Crif???🤷‍️
what about ? these increased the per unit cost, but u and ur government didn't respond, . jab zardari faryal ki Ka kuch nhi bigar paye tum log, to Zardari, Faryal ka kuch nhi bigar sakte i can bet,,,
Imagine if thought were energy that could be harnessed and focused, on a day like today, on CheesePuff in Chief’s birthday, he would certainly burst into flames from all the negative energy being thown his way.
Come to Bengal and speak whatever language you want to. We have seen what lingual terrorism can do during the Bangladesh Independence war and divisive politics will not work . পশ্চিমবঙ্গ ভারতের একটি অংশ।
SIR, KEEP THE GLOVE. WE ARE WITH YOU.
Then was released and it is AMAZING And now Link Now
Choose one
Just like he flip flopped on Russia interference in our election. To I don't see why it would be to I don't see why it wouldn't be
All they are concerned about who wore which badge. No wonder the popularity of the game is decreasing.
This is what your country will soon look like if you EVER let in-in any way‼️Finance/joint ventures/land ownership/infrastructure or G‼️Yes they own HK but we got complacent while Britain had it’s year lease-this is no longer the we knew!🇨🇳
Great hair can't save the goofy bum toucher look on his face.
Yes, animal who are about to be slaughtered have the same excitement.
Dear , your Hypocrisy at the peak... FYI Lt Col MS Dhoni is d part of Parachute regiment of &amp; he is proudly showing his organisation badge; which is neither religious nor racial... &amp; will show this proudly in future too. 🇮🇳
infant died by dr.chandrakala and hospital negligence. how can they treat the patient through what's app? how medical practice is allowed without incomplete infrastructure and equipments. Can you support us? It should not happened to others
Open challenge to ICC . Dhoni himself is a symbol of army. You can ban his gloves but do you have the spine to ban MS Dhoni ?
US embassy in Rome.
We are loosing our freedom
people, we have to do whatever is possible to stop this fake activist from sabotaging our movement.
If I’d raised the , I would’ve committed seppuku live on YouTube by now, but that’s just me.
that Nigel Farage says his % cannot be ignored yet the % remainders should be ignored?!
The forces girls and women not only to have a child of their , it also forces them to stay in contact to the criminal, because the rapist will be awarded with joined legal custody of the child
Yes dhoni Bhai you will keep the gloves because you are in army and you giving respect to army what is the matter
Hahaha When You Type Bhikhari in Google Search It is Popping Up Imran Khan Pics
/2 I'm in the camp, but it's important to say this as someone who calls out people every day. is not homophobic, &amp; it's wrong for some to say so. He voted for &amp; I've seen him at many receptions challenge people
Lol...I would slam the door in his face &amp; pronto!
Enough ALREADY!!
The first tweet should be: 'I did it.' And then you should shut up forever.
Analysis: Amash eed a secret about conservatism under Trump
Trump’s possibly fake deal with Mexico, elained
Something is really going wrong when the saviours are protesting to be saved
Well HAPPY FU€KING BDAY TO YOU A$$HOLE....MAY IT BE YOUR LAST is his last
lol Knows You Are A PUTZ!
Who's next on the hit list?
Who needs $ to get that baby in the air ??
Trump told the American people he had nothing to do w Russia, all while negotiating a major real estate deal in Moscow that would've req'd the support of Putin &amp; lifting of U.S. sanctions against Russia. Now, the investigation is over &amp; Trump blatantly admitted to it.
people, we have to stop this fake activist troll from ruining our movement.
Hey it's your old friend's day! vs. See the difference?
I am watching rain on Star Sports peacefully But World Cup Matches interuppt it.
If Dhoni is allowed to keep that badge then we will soon see Pakistani players sporting big logos of Pakistani Rangers on their jerseys. And then we will see banning such things completely by amending the rules.
No! Any politican who says 'trust me' and has a record of serial breaking that trust CANNOT BE TRUSTED! Ever.
You’re a Kardashian politician! Nothing to be proud of! Daily photos of people who need help are better than photos of wealthy assholes laughing at the rest of us!
Is dhoni playing with that gloves
She done texted me for real y’all!! Love you Kathy! You are so funny and so smart. I’m honored that you texted me!
No words
East Turkestan In Seconds
Guests &amp; , so naive to say and believe is walking back and correcting his statement. was being truthful with .
Between this fight of TMC &amp; BJP, these doctors are paying price of doing their work with dedication. A junior doctor in BHCM was beaten to an extent that his skull fractured and he is fighting for his life in ICU. I fully support .
Me too! I guess calling him a serial didn't go over so well...
to prioritize IPL over World cup. World cup should've been organised months ago when it wasn't raining, and thought of IPL later. This proves - Paisa is always over the game!!
The Funniest Protest Signs From Trump’s Visit To The UK Here are the funniest protest signs made by some brilliant UK citizens…
No such thing... except when you’re describing how you harass us.
Absolutely take it, Worst cricket world cup ever And even worse World Cup venues .
Proud of my alma mater. Violence against doctors on duty is not acceptable.
Dear Dhoni, If at all under pressure you have change ur keeping gloves request u to have a temprary body Tatoo done on ur Neck with Balidan badge....
ICC Rejects Permission for Army Insignia on MSD's Gloves
Connect the Dots to See Where Trump’s Taking Us
The Motley Crew?Seriously Donald? I guess its better than being the Putin Crew.
just go out and stop the rain in india - pak match
You must watch this
Changed in last five years .First decide religion of the . .if hang them otherwise protect(some protect them politics not all) .whatever the crime is done first decide religion. .if you say something not happening good in means you are a .
I disagreed with many of his policies, but he had conviction and principles, plus the whole war hero thing.
I’m not gonna waste my time on someone who believes in conspiracies /11wAsaninsidejob
Just heard parts of it. It’s clear that
All supporters in field must carry placard with balidan insignia
The Russia Probe (Mueller Investigation) did not frighten enough! Trump's response when asked if a foreign government offered dirt on a political opponent: 'It's not an interference, they have information - I think I'd take it'
All doctors are on Strike ... Thats only for a common family ... I want to ask on Stike doctors .. If a rich man, leaders even will be sick in this situation ... will they stay on strike ...... No and never ....
Only people entitled to decide if sporting the Paras insignia on cricket field violates any norm is . Else, he has worn it with pride, as a personal code and not as an act of hostility against any nation. No basis for ICC to have a problem
Sudan 🇸🇩, Germany 🇩🇪 loves you
Bengal healthcare in coma as over doctors quit READ:
- Accused pleads not guilty to all charges in March , attack on minority Al Noor and Linwood - where killed - R.E.A.L.: is attack on of All
New India is fighting against Fraud leaders Doctors fighting Mamta in Bengal Engineers like E Sreedharan fighting in Delhi
The 🧕️ Islamic onslaught in West Bengal: A saga that started long before the current state regime made it worse Modi via
And people switching to the day shift will live longer. . is trying to shorten people's lives. He is a killer.
Perhaps you prefer the or the ?
doctors have already resigned in . NRS SSKM National medical college RG Kar North Bengal college Murshidabad Rampurhat Burdwan
We, Doctors , stand with our fellow Residents all over India ! Long Live Doctors Unity !!!
/2019 Budgeted Operating eenses for PM House was Crore Rs. Actual operating eenses incurred are Crore Rs.
According to The Times and the Daily Mail, Brussels believe that whoever wins the Conservative leadership race will agree to an extension to the UK’s departure from the EU..
Evening Retweet Party!! 🥳🥳🥳 For come on let’s show her some love ️️ It's simple Just follow all who : Like : Retweets : Comment :
Doctors playing in the hands of bjp and bjp is not going to let it go this easily.
Congratulations Michael Phelps for winning Cricket World Cup
Yesterday's match .
Fuck Trump and anybody who voted for that Lyin POS!
So hanging out in the ER tonight.. doc thought severe numbness &amp; spasams might need MRI but we settled for a ct scan. Hopefully can get home soon and on to pt!? I’m over almost a month of pain! Oh &amp; !
I support for banning the accounts of users showcasing support for White supremacy, Nazis ideologies and Homophobic hatred. This isn’t an attack to the freedom of speech, this is common sense to create a safer platform for its users. if you agree +
a true patriot, not like other celebrities:
I'm not a med student . But I support our future doctors, I support their professors and I support their parents. We should be one man one voice. But not only med students are in danger, all Moroccan students are in danger.
This works at RML Hospital and was a student of . Listen to what he has to say over the ongoing face-off of between Doctors and government.
The ongoing protest of doctors is just and praiseworthy, doctors deserve a safe workspace. But I would like to suggest to protesters that don't only think of short term goals which includes giving justice to that intern but also focus on-
Mahendra Singh Dhoni's love for the Nation, Armed Forces and Soldiers has been intact which is truly commendable. He is Nation's Hero. No one represents our Country better than him. I stand with
All critical patients and term pregnant ladies are being given due care in all hospitals! Help us keep yellow journalism at bay! DON'T QUESTION OUR HUMANITY.
We remember Jackie, M is no Jackie
Pull the wool from over your eyes people!! Rest assured the Barr has cleverly destroyed any damaging evidence and constructed a proper defense for any misconduct claims which may arise. Hook.Line.Sinker!
Please do not follow O.J.Simpson. We don't need to give ANOTHER egomaniacal narcissist a platform...Thank you.
Click &amp; Read: Crotch Rocket [poetry]
Here, let me fix this quote/headline for you: 'I'm An Asshole.'
“Johnson doesn’t just seem like a fucking moron, he is a fucking moron”
Trump: “I am the biggest Mobbed-up, traitorous fucking piece of shit in American history. Fuck America. Fuck all of you.”
,200 people in ICE custody quarantined for eure to mumps or chicken pox &amp; 🤡
Great, more reason for
Unbelievable, and here I have been trying for the last good few hours. Utterly disappointing.
Today's World Trending
Flips Out At And Falsely Claims Aren't
Warrior Woman Thursday retweet party for Follow her Then follow all Who Like : Retweets : Comments : Vett as u go Let's unite with Theresa
Brexit Boris Johnson
Cannot wait until Sunday &amp; interview with ! If they released the BOMBSHELLS they did - then what is saving for the ratings?
Saw this earlier. I'd just like to confirm to the world that Brock Turner () is indeed still a rapist ()
The beauty at its beauty. Well crafted. High Performance. in new 'Almond' - Get it now on
Who needs to see Boris in a debate? This is all we need to know.
Luke at it again. Hero.
Dear ICC, please don't forget that BCCI is your father..... So,mind on your business.... Do better umpiring....
ICC you can stop dhoni but can't stop his fans . 🇮🇳 Jai Hind .
Token strike today. Various hosp &amp; med colleges of Delhi supporting and standing in solidarity wid our colleagues from WB. It may escalate if CM doesn't take any concrete action.Need for strict central laws &amp; their implementation as &amp; when reqd.
WE NEED TO REMOVE THIS MOTHERFUCKER RIGHT NOW!!! AMERICA HAS FALLEN TO IDIOTS!!!
This clown ⬇ He's got nothing, he's so full of shit!
I think in this case I'd actually take the dinner with schmucks, because at least I could fight back, get in a few good insults and feel better about myself for it, unlike the other scenario you too vividly described.
dear media &amp; doctors i am just as upset the way u've been treated..Bt just wanted to know why wasn't this agitation &amp; protest wen of ur colleague was killed..if slap cud agitate u so much wat bout life &amp; nw others suffering.
This tweet is only in solidarity of of all my Doctor friends across the country. You deserve better than this. Way better than this. .
Hump Day High Noon Retweet Party. 🥳🥳🥳 For come on let’s show her some love It's simple Just follow all who : Like : Retweets : Comment :
Hump Day retweet party🥳🥳🥳 for my Ex It's simple Just follow all who : Like : Retweets : Comment :
Waiting for years for such a grand Tournament and four-matches are abandoned next time be focused on the venue instead on the wicketkeeper's gloves
for organising such an important tournament at such a time when half of the matches are getting washed away......
Haven’t been on much, not feeling well. Just wanted to say hi to everyone. Also wanted to celebrate that today (June th) is John McCain Day🇺🇸 Oh and F**K TRUMP!
Priceless! 🤣 Reliving old memories with your son! 'Melania T'
Breaking News. After all the controversies, Dhoni decides how to tackle the issue for Sunday's Clash. Decides to Parajump into the ground with the badges !!!
Ladies and gentlemen...... I give you Boris Johnson your next PM 🤦‍️
Doug is a fence jumper looking for relevance. If or when a war crimes tribunal (doubtful) is set up to look into Afghanistan or Iraq Dougy will not be so outspoken. His book will be used as evidence against him. .
Kolkata incident shouldn't have happened .They must be given justice not because they are doctors but they are human being.
Mass Murderer Yasin Malik has human rights but doctors don't have! Save doctors of your state before crying for save democracy. West Bengal want Freedom from . West Bengal want freedom from violence and political Terrorism.
The Belief That Trump Is a Messiah Is Rampant and Dangerous | Psychology Today
Who's excited for the debates in weeks?
Its airing the Fraud n Duping by in Bangalore for last -5 days.Most biggies of politics from Bangalore seems to be under pressure.
I request all Muslim friends to keep the money in bank here onwards if your not feeling like taking interest from that please contribute same to poor people or disabled people.. Dont get cheated by the name of religion
Non doctor but sensible people of this country. This is thought to ponder upon. Voice your opinion. Share your your happy stories abkut health care. Stay with Doctors. Show your solidarity.
Our voices shall be heard ! This cause needs more media coverage because public health and education do matter and being oppressed in this brutal way is NOT okay !
I hope you do not have a Happy Birthday Mr. President. You can go and kiss my skinny year old ass because never will you ever be my goddamn president and I don’t care what the hell you think!!!
Missouri Lawmakers Are Desperate to Make Sure Voters Don’t Have a Say When It Comes to Abortion
every single Indian who r going to watch in stadium...plz take army insignia with you
so sorry from
Who does the voice over for your advert because he has the exact same voice as Ian Huntley and I think of him every time I hear it.
isn't daft- he wasn't on and he didn't attend the Q&amp;A because no-one involved in either of those has any say in the vote... He thinks he's already won
Ex Fights Over Fate of Alleged
Could this year old immigrant () be the thorn in BJ's side? In a General Election, if the Prime Minister loses his/her seat he would be finished ..
Nancy, why aren't we starting impeachment inquiry? What can be wrong by placing the misdeeds in front of America? It would show strength. There would be no loss in standing up to truth? please elain.
Thank God for U! Fuck the haters
… says the guy who was installed by Putin!
In most cases over recent years it has involved unwillingness to pay fees &amp; dissatisfaction over the outcome of a medical case - similar problems have been on the rise in many countries as public hospitals struggle to cope with ageing &amp; more complex patients...
Consumate Asssssssssshoooooooooole had a significant hand in that trauma.
Thank you for doing what didn't!! keep that hag Conway OFF THE AIR!!
Do u support him for his action? Is this right or wrong? Comment below
More evidence piles in. Happy
AIIMS New Delhi issued an ultimatum of hours to govt. to meet the demands of the striking doctors there, failing which they would be forced to resort to an indefinite strike in AIIMS New Delhi.
Which included Syed Ali Shah Gilani, Chairman, All Parties Hurriyat Conference. Masarat Alam also revealed that there are rifts in the Hurriyat Conference regarding collection and use of funds.”
Yes.... If you can't be there for us in our time of need, then don't eect free over the phone advice ....
you contribute around % of the total 's revenue. Despite this you are acting helpless. Take a stand. Be brutal when it comes to our Indian Para Forces. is our national pride. Thank you
Where were the IMA &amp; other associations when doctors were being hounded for a year after without any fault of their own? Doctors need to stand up with each other, no matter who the assaulter is and who is in power
Happy you fat piece of shit!
Eton College. School Report. .
I genuinely can’t believe Nazanin still hasn’t been released. Even more unbelievable is that Boris Johnson could be our next PM. Our Government should hang their heads in shame.
Here's the truth about Boris Johnson and his history of sexism, racism, lies, homophobia, gaffes and scandals (all material fully sourced)
White House Reportedly Blocked Written Testimony of Official on Climate Change
This is the report that your own people have not briefed you on because they don't trust you where Russia is involved. Your own insider's know you are compromised by russia.
Are you going to Donate Blood today? You can save a lot of people today...
Oh, Dr Disrespect. Yet another ‘influencer’ that thinks fame means rules don’t apply to them. I hope Twitch bans him for life and not just a suspension.
Where does a douchebag get fitted?
said he wants Britain back on it's feet again It's that's knocked Britain off it's feet Solution to the problem is to
Pic :- Indian grounds pic :- Others grounds
Count duckula and igor or and ?
Day th. No trace of Aircraft. .
seems to be desperately wanting to TOPPLE Govt - and using ( ) as a TOOL ! who are members of IMA, are SITUATIONAL PRISONERS ! is FOR THIS, which is being staged by !
, , . Why ICC is double standard. Allowing namaz on ground to Pak players, but not allowing to wear gloves. Is surrendering to . We condemn this act of ICC
If u can allow namaz on ground If u allow save gaza band If u allow salute on ground Then whats wrong in balidaan badge R u a fool icc or its clear u hv double standard u r not keeping ur words World doesn't need icc
who is better
Hey Is It True The Obama's R Getting A Divorce?
Anything Abrahamic cricketing countries display on field = ok. journos and writers (including Indian) have high population of leftists. hypocrisy a clear indication of the to come.
Mohammed Amin the chairman of the Conservative Muslim Forum has made comparisons between leadership hopeful Boris Johnson and Adolf Hitler, and will quit if Johnson becomes prime minister..
Test tweet Will anyone who sees this comment or like. I cant send tweets from news... Possibly otherwise, yet I’m not on any “suspension” that I have been made aware of. I did post some “interesting information” a couple days ago, about our president.
en route to collect more college transcripts for law degree, then ‘Million Dollar Listing’ Show as Realtor, then ‘Women in Film’ fun to continue selling my TV Show.
This cop called for America to slaughter all ‘sodomite reprobates.’ They’re letting him ‘retire.’
request Doctors kindly immediately call off the strike. Newborns are dying without their help
Read 's page; from his disasterous tenure as Mayor of London, to his endorsement by the BNP, it tells you who he really is and his awful track record speaks for itself.
Can we do a FB party for those that have gotten screwed over? For everyone who ended up in Twitmo? Let’s get some followers back. Please RT and follow back!
Honeys, Fellow Veterans and Active Duty, We All feel this way! 🇺🇸
WRONG Stop with the lies you sick evil Just resign you will never lie you way out of this.
FAKE NEWS
Oakland, California
Justin Bieber challenges Boris Johnson to a TV debate
Trump Brags About Mexico Deal, but Reveals No Details
Being a doctor onbehalf of entire medical fraternity.
Well isn't that the pot calling the kettle ZERO CREDIBILITY Maybe if you didn't LIE ABOUT EVERYTHING you'd have an ounce of credibility but we all know you and you will be leaving very soon.
LETS GO
ICC should never mess with because
*dhoni gloves controversy* BCCI to ICC :
There's some really intense melting in the Arctic right now
Seniors greeted and cheered by juniors after mass resignation.. This is life.. This is unity.. This is pride.. Kudos.
Pussy Grabber, Don the Con, Draft Dodger Donnie, Putin's Puppet, Cadet Bone Spurs, Fucking Moron
Dhoni should get rid of the gloves and remain away from any army insignia immediately, no room for overt display of patriotism on the cricket field, your Indian cap 🧢 should serve all the symbolism you wanted to indulge in
YAY for USA!
Protesting doctors applaud as more doctors resign and walk out of Medical College and Hospital, Kolkata
King Joffrey: % Donald Trump: %
Even local cricket tournament have better management &amp; planning than your's . Thankyou for spoiling the worldcup.
Points table right now.
But it's not being risk averse that keeps away from scrutiny is it? It's a belief that he should be beyond accountability. He is road testing autocracy.
Either you're unable to read, or you're as corrupt as the Felon-in-Chief is and are complicit in helping him to cover up crimes he's committed.
All countries who care about their safety and security should . is just a spying tool developed and extensively used by the Communist Party of China.
, hope you stand up for and 🇮🇳
If England can do this so why not india can do this
He had a full rights because he is a Para Regiment Officer
Fuck icc u just want to finish the wc..by giving pts..then how u know the good and bad teams
the large subsidies that those broke soybean farmers received courtesy of the US taayer IMO actually put us in the negative so we’re worse off. Thx
Happy
India trends ️🇮🇳
Thank you Mo ️🇺🇸enough is enough
Worst in History in terms of ! . . .
True story!
The funniest part about it is that no one else would have even noticed the cough if he wouldn’t have pointed it out.
I didn’t see Molly Mae asking permission from Amy before she asked Curtis out the hypocritical little shit
Professionals like doctors and nurses shouldn't have to be worried about protecting themselves while saving patients lives. I hope a good constructive solution can be arrived at without politicizing the issue.
Biden &amp; his son Hunter took advantage of their position to use Air Force to wheel &amp; deal with China &amp; Ukraine! I don’t trust Biden or his son Hunter who left his wife &amp; kids to move in with his dead brother’s wife &amp; family!
Of course you hate MSNBC because they tell the truth and the truth is that you are an incompetent buffoon without a shred of decency. You are a complete and absolute disaster.
Why we need a
should understand that is not related to any political/religious/racial activities. This is about our
My corner piece of mind, is all that I can find, when i look for a reason, to pass this unhealthy treason.
I am following you now- hoping to catch you swearing- lol-I swear a lot also !
Right..........
Survival kit for next years in India
Watch and Share The Failures of Trumponomics
Salute to doctors who risk their very own lives but continue to serve their motherland ‍️
i think u do have some work rather than seeing on dhoni's gloves...if u don't have then i can suggest u to improve the quality of ur great umpires ..plz go and improve the quality bcz
YOU AND ME BOTH, GIRL. &lt;3
How can someone be happy without watching cricket...
Future will be like...
Fixed it
When a Doctor in West Bengal returns home safely
also we want an apology from hon'ble CM bcoz she has insulted the entire doctor fraternity of india by giving communal anlge to this entire matter ..shame
Respected PM Ji Address the issue of and speak on measures to and .
Well Said
Junior Reject Offer, Continue Strike: Points
We have ZERO interest in playing GOD, so please don't treat us either as a GOD or as a DOG! If you deserve respect, so do we, nothing more and nothing less...
The big event of is today Vs lovely people of , hope win it InshaAllah
MLN medical college stands with NRSMCH. No services without security
And finally Sunil Gavaskar hit a boundary but this time against media and its baseless debates.
No matter how big a desert is...it weighs less than a handful of mud...that has given birth to a plant
Welcome to Trumpworld
ICC Rules on Gloves Dear Indian Friends Read it Before any Comments
exactly, and you
Kedar Jadhav asking the clouds to go to Maharashtra... Let all the rains come to India...
is corrupt and incompetent. He aligns himself with murderous dictators and trusts them over our own dedicated and hardworking intelligence officers. We must unite to remove him with a landslide election. He is a
Don't be one. I give you mfs minute of conversation followed by minutes of laughter. Foh &amp; Good Day
I'm just gonna leave this right here for you all...
Junior doctors refuse to meet at Nabanna. Wants CM to meet them and end the impasse. Doctors to continue with their strike.
Equally important to Match
Shining Diva Italian Designer Non Precious Metal Jewellery Set Rs.398 More:
Translation- 'Even after continuous inaction by the govt against junior doctor's agitation we senior doctors are working because we are not enemy of the people' A Pediatrician in Sagore Dutta Med Colg still working even after submitting resignation
Happy John McCain Day.
Today's cartoon by me on Kindly retweet,follow for more such cartoons everyday
Here are the rules If : Game: He looses % of his match fee Games: He looses % of his match fee games or more: He looses % of his match fee Dhoni is a Millionaire he can afford to loose some peanuts for the pride of the country.
We are only demanding what already should be ours !
Didn't realise you were an eert
'safer &amp; more prosperous' Oh just fuck off already, won't you?
India's bowling now..and every lunatic's eyes will be on Dhoni's gloves...Damn.. insignia or not..who dafaq cares!!?? .. seriously..who cares if !?
Love it - just ordered mine
I want to send a pre-birthday “FUCK YOU” to Trump for all he’s done to this country.
Put a stick in this man's hand. Whether it be drum or pool or match or etc. He will murder something with it. …
Happy
on your birthday, I'd just to wish you a Happy Impeachment, and a hearty 'Fuck off, traitor!'
Just saw a video on Vlad of defending a nonce, I'll call this cunt Lord Nonce. Bruva you won't be saying that if it was your daughter. Stick to your fangirling of you
I'm sure that are all ready to welcome you at the airport too.
Did I just hear that right? Andrea Mitchell asked Anita Hill if she thought the way Joe Biden handled the Clarence Thomas hearings put him on a moral equivalence with Donald Trump.
Retweet if you think should stop blocking the design of the new $20 bill. (image via ). Trump proves he is a racist and a bigot.
Read my thoughts on YourQuote app at
Even after this you won't criticise Govt. A mob of people attacks an hospital beat the hell out of doctors, terrorizes the patients , hit an yr old doc. So badly that his skull is broken &amp; he is in a state of coma. /2
remember the Ind vs NZL T20 held on th Nov in Trivandrum, India in which the game started within half an hour after the heavy hrs rain. What a pathetic condition for the stadiums in ENG even they are developed country. ICC has to be more vigilant.
This is love
Mam.According to me instead of taking steps regarding Reservations,Green Environment..The government should take necessary steps regarding in ..Its not The time of changing the girls dressing sense its about changing the thoughts...
JUICE IS STILL ON THE LOOSE
AIIMS Delhi doctor continues protest against Bengal violence wearing helmet in viral photo
for a works out is what does that to a pond . They uproot vegetation. n
went from to
Again,
this video motivates me!!! Be brave !!!! Raise ur voice!!!! Protesting doctors applaud as more doctors resign and walk out of Medical College and Hospital, Kolkata
Tree symbolizing Trump-Macron friendship dies
. ICC on Dhoni's gloves. . ICC planing of other matches
Hello , You can stop from wearing army symbols in his gloves, but you can't stop his fans🇮🇳
Wayyy past time for to face . , , , , &amp; . What more do Dems need to ?
Let's go congress, do your job!
what the fuck ate tou doing you smug bastard. Why the fuck are you not enforcing more fucking police on the streets of London?????
Great thread about WHY an is necessary. please read.
Cricket World Cup via
Who is gonna win tomorrow? rain
Whenever I hear sound, I feel Airdrop is coming 🤔
How frightening
Analysis: Sarah Sanders' audience of one
Happy birthday mr. President
year old Mohammad Shahid died in hospital, his relatives came truckload &amp; beat up doctors. One doctor is critical as he got skull fracture from brick hurled. Why no action against those people? Why politicisation? Where BJP/RSS is to be blamed?
Hey creepy old fucker if you approach my daughter again you’re gonna get punched in the throat!
Her freedom of speech is very important because she's his spokeswoman. Completely unethical!!!!!
. he won’t have had a national mandate only the conservatives get a say how is that democracy?
| Here's the number of resignations from medical colleges as agitating doctors place demands and seek an apology from WB CM Mamata Banerjee to end their strike
I still feel the same.
These depictions of Noah’s Ark are accidentally gay—and people are here for it
water have no color but gloves does have that is why saw dhoni's glove not the water.
Stop violence on doctors. Take action to save the saviour .
Yesterday match Gayle got out by lbw in no ball..ICC Don't have time to fine umpires for poor umpiring. But they have time to say remove the balidan symbol from dhoni gloves it's ridiculous
I'm gonna go their own route and say all homophobic religious nuts should drink poisoned Kool-Aid. ️‍
Good riddance and
Dear sir, Please look into the current medical situation in West Bengal.Many of the innocent patients are losing their lives due to some adverse decisions by CM ... it is all her ego.. ....
is a to !
. “just let people sit there and watch the footy”??? Yeah, so we’ll ignore the behaviour the drove Goodesy out of the game just to make you feel more comfortable?
Dear ICC, this is also a political symbol of your country, than what is it doing on England's jersey.. Why such hipocrisy??
Hey Voted to use your power, not sit quite. No one is tweeting about Can't tolerate this dumb govt for next years.
&amp; GOPSaleOut
Here is Yoga for Women... Read more... Remain Young and Fit with Yoga and know more benefits.
Will Rain win the World Cup
matches were can't play due to rain and many more will be not played fir the same reason . Conclusion this world cup is no more world cup.
Actual match scheduled of ICC worldcup and also ICC increased prize money because of rain playing extraordinary game
.... your daughter lies so much you cant tell the difference betwern her and
Stephen is nothing but a complete clueless
If you were his children, would you want to spend the day with him? NOT.
We love you Cher.
is firing his own pollsters, which show him running behind across the board. That, while he invites foreign powers to interfere with the .
Virat asked Indians fans to applaud Steve |MS dhoni sixes |gestures via
ICC turns down 's request to allow to continue wearing the army insignia on his wicket-keeping gloves; ICC says regulations for ICC events do not permit any individual message or logo to be displayed on any items of clothing or equipment.
Ok so the conclusion is: rules should be the same for all teams, we have seen Pakistani players do namaz on the field and English players having some nationalistic logo on their jersey.
Many people are saying that
well clutch my pearls... OMG you have feelings and support Trump? Sorry, I dont believe you!
Fuck Nelson’s life. He made the decision to kill Mylan. He needs to face his consequences for his actions. If Nelson wants sympathy he can find it in the dictionary between the words Fuck and YOU!!!
can see badge but doesn't see the ground was not covered. Most developed Country in and call as the national sports Yet can't do anything for the biggest tournament. Learn something from
It is huge mistake of it is primary responsibility to save the truth not supporting protest it must be legally to take action for the doctor who resigned
When keeping symbol on the glove shows the respect to them then why dont you Put a tatoo on your hand instead.This is a publicity stunt by
They let you tweet from prison?!?!?
Who's will hurt you most! If any other players na please leave in comments. . . - Tags to avoid -
What rhymes with witch? If the broom fits...
Love this and
while all cricket board finalising the venues in
Fixed it for you
The junior doctors' strike called in West Bengal has not just affected services in the state-government run hospitals there but also in other parts of India.
Why didn't it rain here? Are you indirectly supporting ?
Oh yeah because he’s an honest guy...
Dear army man please don't remove the pride and glory from your keeping gloves. No body got any right to raise any question on our army. 🇮🇳️ the whole country Is with you ️ Wear your pride with full confidence 🇮🇳
The minister: tries to oppress us Me and the boyz :
Ex- Over Fate of
demand the cctv footage of that day things will be clear .Make public the name of accuse who have been arrested. Enquiry should be set up into reluctance of police .How two trucks of goon were allowed inside the hospital campus
This is what your country will soon look like if you EVER let in-in any way‼️Finance/joint ventures/land ownership/infrastructure or G‼️Yes they own HK but we got complacent while Britain had it’s year lease-this is no longer the we knew!🇨🇳
“In real life, every congressman colludes with foreign powers all the time. So whatever I did is ok. Coz real life.”
I don't understand, how armed forces insignia is said to be connected to religion /cause as per ICC🤔
Watch 'Trump Demands That Other Countries Treat Him With Respect During Twitter Tantrum' on YouTube
doesn't give a FUCK if your poor and can't buy food for your family! He's got tons of money he can buy ALL the food he wants! Trump is saying FUCK THE POOR!
Give good treatment
Imagine if this was Corbyn !! All the Johnson fans would be eloding with rage , then add the lying , cheating etc they would be asking for his arrest . The tories have utterly lost any moral high ground by going for a completely immoral man
It is reported that Your Government wanted to provide Guarantee to those who had invested in . Is protecting those who cheat Minorities Your way of Minority Welfare? Why are You putting the lives of thousands of Innocents to save few Fraudsters? Is this 'Raja Dharma'?
Thousands of doctors across India have shown solidarity and joined the ongoing .
What, Hump a Flag Day ?
Hatredness can't be stopped it is like Virus, only Antidote is Time.
is more disrespectful of the American flag than the man who set it on fire and was awarded $225K by the Supreme Court!!
The left has always cared which is why the Mueller report began.
fixed it for ya MillieVanillie... you're very welcome
Maybe even check the school report
govt. should think about security to doctors.
Cleverly by name... no, sorry, it doesn't work
all about party over country
Its a sad day for society at large when Doctors have to fight to justice seems to be a myth
Too late. The first answer is always the real answer.
Twitter: ‘We Didn’t Invest Enough’ To Fight White Nationalism Problem
Another snappy hashtag from .
The only positive I am taking from this article is when said, let's see what happens on Sunday. I am hopeful that and then let's see how gutsy is.
Very sickening to see that the wicket keeping gloves is hampering the spirt and moral of the game
🇮🇳🇵🇰 Is that Possible for Biggest Battel On English Ground.....
INJUSTICE ANYWHERE IS A THREAT TO THE JUSTICE EVERYWHERE - Martin Luther King Jr. Each and every part of the community must stand with each other at times of crisis.
KillingEve addict. love &amp; respect for animals runs in my blood. ask &amp; see what happens. ️‍
trolled for praising as the new ‘Jackie O’ — and then calling her ‘it’ –
Sarah Huckabee Sanders Leaving White House at the End of the Month
See, who is giving lecture on Abuse. 🤣
Happy
Doctors and Students from Thanjavur Medical College joins Nationwide protest.
It hasn’t ended‼️‼️‼️ Support to finally put an end to the torture &amp; murder of 🇨🇳 &amp; do it NOW‼️
He'll also continue to make sure kids outside of the womb lose healthcare, food &amp; housing while keeping an eye on those caged kids.
Barack Obama freestyle! Trump diss. Mixtape out in !
thinks he can create his own law that will take the issue off the table for Democrats ... HE CANT READ LET ALONE THIS
Yeah right Rudy. The GOP was brighter then. Communism was the threat and Russia was was the enemy not a friend like today.
Doctors should be back each time they r beaten up for doing the duty?? No matter even if they r killed but they should do their duty..
NASA head responds to Trump moon tweet: 'Nothing has changed' - CNET
When I was in school, students were not allowed to tie religious threads around their wrists. Did it mean the schools were anti-religion? There are rules, why merge everything. so tha janta needs to understand.
Beverly Hills
Hi Dear Mumbai too is ready for your kind of Just FYI
OnePlus T (Midnight Black, GB RAM, GB Storage) Rs.27999 (mrp-41999)
London: death by shooting in one day, per year and YOU find that a disgrace? Seventeen students were killed in the massacre in Parkland Florida on a single day in . ,000 a year in the US. On YOUR watch.
Literally their personal jesus would have to come out of the sky and take them to the polls! Lmao
. . . Is as crooked as
The only way “Melania T” is like Jackie O is that their husbands both cheated on them.
Except Ronna. She wants to give it the ole repuglican try!
Thanks for following!
The Youngest Known Child Separated From His Family by the Trump Administration
I didn't know Christopher Steele hacked the RNC and then coordinated the release of stolen emails with the Hillary campaign?
So does Trump try a power play to distract from his crazy talk? Pompeo has it set up now for an assault on Iran. Will he stoop that low? Using emergency powers as POTUS simply to distract, and no regard for our soldiers?
Happy 🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸Also
I must ask to withdraw from world cup. Why allowed to wear insignia during a cricket match. Do Indian Army need such a cheap trick ?
Pretty sure this crowd of attendees eclipses those at the “inauguration” in
Indian democracy needs a constructive opposition not an elitist, dynastic, entitled and a pampered son.
Name the lie?
“They call me free but I call me a fool” -Train Isle…
: 'Dangal' girl stands in solidarity with medicos, demands 'national outrage' . . . .
This man completely nailed Mamata, her politics and her hypocrisy.
Bhakts are hilarious! They think Twitter Trends are going to change the weather, the ICC and literally anyone else apart from people who share their shitty ideology. my ass 🤣🤣🤣
We have become the country that we used to hate.
'Why naked ambition is helping Boris Johnson.'
Trump's remark stuns CNN panel: 'Whose side is he on?'
I went to Costco the other day &amp; saw same item prices has gone up so I flipped over the box &amp; saw the print “made in China”. Im my Chinese grocery bill will also go up. The gov isn’t paying this, I am. So this is &amp; he’s killing us in so many ways
Male Sheeps | Domestic Animal of Pakistan
Nayasa Superplast Gallent Plastic Cutlery Stand Rs.99
She has lost the political good will Momotah Hatao
Doctors 🥼 singing proudly their new anthem- 'আমরা কারা? বহিরাগত' 'Who are we? We are outsiders!'
If we go to war with , I volunteer all the Trumps, Pompeos, Penses, Boltons, and every other war hawks offspring to go fight their parents wars.
don't eect him to pay the bill ... just ask anyone wbo's ever done business with him.
his biggest threat is Boris didn’t turn up, he’d be sat at home watching taking notes to see what elements of the candidates he can pinch to elevate his potential. We need hope in this declining country, with Boris no chance
Part of the Hitler Youth League. What do you eect.
doctors have already resigned in Bengal. NRS SSKM National medical college RG Kar North Bengal college Murshidabad Rampurhat Burdwan
She is eed; Now everyone knows why was she not allowed to join party and take responsibility; not without any reason, calls her ; competition between Bro-N-Sis for
This Is Exactly What Privacy Eerts Said Would Happen
Reply for the press to the govt. From GB meeting consensus of junior doctors. LONG LIVE DOCTORS' UNITY!
You’ve made a damn mess ! You helped rich people while screwing the poor idiots that support you or did support you. This is NOT the lying and crying isn’t gonna work this time.
Quinnipiac University National Poll released today! Every Democrat is leading Trump! Joe Biden: /40 Bernie Sanders: /42 Kamala Harris: /41 Elizabeth Warren: /42 Pete Buttigieg: /42 Cory Booker: /42
Should the Mp's of India be barred from doing multiple works/business so that they can give proper justice to the people of their Constituency
This movement is HEROIC, it is revolution against being treated like shit, the doctors community has always been working more, paid less still they did their duties with utmost faith &amp; dedication but THEN THEY WERE ASSAULTED &amp; DISRESPECTED and rest is history.
Wow. But, it's ok to imprison children and commit treason to extend your own presidency.
Vox Sentences: “Nothing wrong with listening”
For me it’s greed of those congress MLAs...who joined corrupt friendly in dream of free-taayers money..! Never imagined this too a way to
Oh, you’re finally draining the swamp!
+ Doctors and Non Medicos walked from NRS to CNMC for our cause. History has been created as this is probably one of the biggest movement that has been carried out by the doctors.
u have anything to say on this?? Should we also start bhajan-kirtan before match starts?
Surely nobody will accidentally do this when Boris Johnson finally appears in front of the media, will they?
Just goes to show the HATE and VILE comments on Twitter. Anti-American Left Wing Nuts ......
AIIMS Delhi doctor continues protest against Bengal violence wearing helmet in viral photo
Soooooo you advertise the story on Twitter? Brilliant!!! By the way, its quite likely you told the Russians ahead of time anyway.
George Conway: Trump sends 'invitation to commence impeachment proceedings'
This is a seriously gross image especially on .
Icc can see Ms dhoni badge but doesn't see the ground was not covered
Situation in serious. But still scope for a laugh. cartoon.
If you guys reconsider entire scenario MS Dhoni shall be honoured for this heroic act. You guys have taken an inappropriate step without doing proper research about the meaning of the badge
Dear just improve your umpiring first then talk about this
New ICC World Cup trophy
Link:
Mike, this is the first I’m hearing about this I thought your boss was only concerned with calling people names and lying to cover up all the fucking illegal things he’s done. Keep me posted
Where have white nationalists gone since their Facebook ban? Facebook
History of humanity has taught us that no great victory comes without a greater revolution , and today we ask you to support our cause by using this hashtag hence helping end this discrimination and oppression.
called off at AIIMS, -hour ultimatum given to meet demands. and with more details on Tiranga TV
BBMCH Balangir stand with NRSMCH
So THATS what the extra $4k i paid in taxes is going towards. Good to know. Wouldn’t want little Tub ‘O Lard Dumpy to be uncomfortable in a normal human sized bed
England's cricketers wear a poppy on their collars against India to remember those killed in conflict in . Then why stop dhoni to wear the balidaan batch.
Not even Fox News believes
Hey can you please remove the and convicted felon (kidnapping and armed robbery)? Thanks /s/ Civilized Society
Upto % Off On Raincoats Wildcraft Solid Women Raincoat Rs.495 (mrp-1295)
Any luck finding Nicole’s killer?
This is why UP Police took by force who were in civil dress claims his wife..... Why is this news not a national outrage? Why is important and not the missing ? Time media get their priorities right
Sometimes karma needs the help of thousands of people on Twitter I guess. happy
God Bless a Real American 🇺🇸🥇
Breaking news: Franklin Graham confesses that Putin is his god.
&lt;-- tweets last hour!
Back in the days (2014?)when Ive was drawing a graphic novel for ... …
The NIA claimed in a press statement today that Alam revealed in his custodial interrogation that “Pakistan-based agents route the funds through ‘hawala’ operators which were transferred to the separatist leaders.
Nope, no, no, no ain’t gonna happen!!
Hey pls get the below kit and make sure the game between happens as scheduled.
: 'we are a nation of laws' same nuts, started building a million waste of money wall, that could have been better use to help and , without the proper permits
Timewear Analogue White Round Dial Leather Strap Watches Rs.299
Indians Overwhelmingly Back Dhoni For Honouring Indian Army Soldiers
Dear looked at this.
That is absolutely disgusting. A treasonous lier with ties to Russia has no business being associated with our flag.
sir kindly impose over to
Paediatrician seeing his patients while on protest rally. Didi &amp; her goons, DON'T DARE TO TEACH US HUMANITY This is not a VACATION of doctors. This is NOT Patients Vs Doctors. This is against tyranny,safeguarding criminals &amp; insecurity.
HAPPY JOHN McCAIN DAY
Scare stories my arse you ain't heard the half it yet.
. Pressure campaign is just getting warmed up. Can't wait to retaliate against the women traders for displaying our soldiers on iranian tv. P.S Have you gotten that dirt on Trump you were hoping for from the RUSSIANS EVERYONE heard you talking to on the phone?
Climate Change Poses Major Risks to Financial Markets, Regulator Warns
Watching on &amp; smoking a bowl.
I guess doesn't need to turn up to hustings as he knows he will be in final and then aged Gammon members will mostly vote for him?
Doctors across all Telangana and AP are with you
Please do not follow on Twitter. We are far more educated on today than the jury was back in (thank you ), so we know he murdered Ron &amp; Nicole. Please do not give this a social platform to be celebrated again.
Dear , plz start sending ur spokesperson to news channels.. These channels have nthng to do but discuss agenda for a whole day!! It’s torturous.. I’d rather njoy congress getting roasted
is trending and it pretty much tells us how far we are to become a sporting nation. Blaming the organisation for the bad weather? Seriously? ICC had named England to host in only. May- June is pretty much English summer, ICC did not do much wrong
This is what Pakistani fans wanna see on th of June! Their only hope!
BREAKING: Gold prices have risen past $1350, the highest price in over a year, amid global uncertainty.
Dhoni Bhai Proud of You
This photo reminds me of any wait staff, at any Bob Evans restaurant, anywhere in America. Only less physically attractive.
Hugely Sabotages USA &amp; the World by Blocking Findings on Catastrophic Climate Change
Proud of you and our Indian Army, keep wearing I salute And I stand with
Support for Indian doctors coming from Nepal and Pakistan as well.
: 'we are a nation of laws' same nuts, started building a million waste of money wall, that could have been better use to help and , without the proper permits
Hyderabad - NIMS Woman (46) admitted with multiple organ failure died. Family chased resident doctor (Muslim) and beat him.
is no contest. is far ahead of in every aspect. If can win any contest, it'll be Some players will be axed after today's defeat
yep and now he's on Twitter saying he has a lot of ' getting even to do '
Happy
Do what Linsey says!
Resounding that
Rifat please note is also not a religious event or a prayer ground.
Anything to get a war to distract. all over again. I have.
Read: OSC Letter recommending Kellyanne Conway removal from White House post
Fact One and Johnson attend Eton and Oxford becomes Foreign office Diplomat awarded OBE for services in Afghanistan becomes Times Newspaper Columnist sacked for deception
is the most narcissistic man alive, his purposeful ignorance is stunning
DON'T This Because Doesn't Want You To Retweet His Fear
Draft Dodgers aren’t allowed to hang out with real War Heroes. and his five fake deferments for ‘bone spurs’ Happy John McCain Day!
asks to pay more than $1 billion for over patents: Source It is clear what is happening here. Letting things ride to gain control, but now change in approach. Throw them out of the system completely.
Please don’t.
+ while saluting 's patriotism, he should just play cricket &amp; bring home. Imagine the fallout if . ! Do you want every team including Pak also wearing insignia badges of their armies on gloves or t-shirts and God knows what not?!
You know that Trump is the spawn of Satan?
MTK Engineering Mode shortcut app to change android mac address (seriously,no root necessary () (, , , , , , , )
can see badge but doesn't see the ground was not covered. Most developed Country in and call as the national sports Yet can't do anything for the biggest tournament. Learn something from
Voter suppression was also big factor. We can thank our own home-grown traitors the Koch Brothers and the Republican Party for that.
because
Lynching of a doctor is ok for Gang n all political parties Doctors are not vote bank so why to care for them Being a professional I support ur cause
As part of protest against the recent attack on two junior doctors in West Bengal there are more than doctors from multiple colleges and hospitals have resigned. We stand with you.
still dodging every question. Clearly so much still to hide , from such a proven lier. Worse most incompetent foreign secretary in modern history. And the architect of a criminaly ill-conceived disaster. take over complete.
Some Cars its wiser to stay away from!! ...
No worries. I hear HELL is pretty negative.
SOMEONE PLEASE GET A STRAIGHT JACKET AND GET HIM OUT OF THE WHITE HOUSE!
There are no depths to which Bojo will sink. I wish someone would blast 'Scotland The Brave' outside his residence everyday. Playing bagpipes.
Serial photographer jailed for abusing children gets yrs jail Such alousy sentence He only has to service % of sentence Cook states can’t be rehabilitated ⁦ ⁦⁩ ⁦⁩
Hi I have the same birthday as Donald Trump so I say we make June th Happy Birthday Ianna day because if there is anything Trump would hate it’s a gay Latina getting his birthday attention
I don't recognized a person's birthday if I would prefer they had never been born.
If Johnson were applying for a regular job, he would no doubt have to supply a reference from a previous employer. Max Hastings employed him for longer than anyone else and, as it happens...
Analysis: bonkers lines from Trump's ABC interview
Anyone who invites anyone else to attack America is a traitor. I think that’s fair.
This wins the Internet for successful brainwashing on full display.
we don't claim him, in the Gemini World!
Uploaded GB of files. Thank you.
Hey isn’t this your mate? North Korea: Hundreds of public execution sites identified, says report
We live in a world were was allowed to escape, have a child while on death row, and represent himself. WHILE were ripped off their youths and trump wanted the death penalty for them.
We will never give up
Dear instead of banning to wear gloves with BALIDAN remark.. please improve your umpiring Your umpiring system is the poorest and making mistrust instead fair game.
hone mein thoda hi time bacha hai, You are still living in the past Do some introspection, today's youth and public is well informed and will not fall prey to such tactics All the best
Happy oh is it the presidents birthday too? Oh my god??? I forgot!
How old are you? No do over? We haven't even started getting to the bottom of all your crimes.
Over Bengal Doctors set a precedent against Hitler Politicians by mass resignation. to from the clutches of and her Muslim appeasement politics. Medical Emergency in Bengal.
Well technically yes, but I think that's a lot of effort. I have people and pages I follow, that I built over time. I'll accept the time out, it was worth it.
A reminder of the views of Boris Johnson's father, an ey, about the Irish border and the Irish.
Representative Duncan Hunter’s Wife Pleads Guilty in Corruption Case
I was a lifelong Conservative until the referendum. Just joined the Liberal Democrats. That is the measure of your success.
Something donny accomplished that McCain never did...
Most of the next matches likely to be hit by the rain in the upcoming week. Nice schedule The world cup should have been played indoor, on the video game console, instead of this embarrassment.
Johnson vs Trump
Hope he’s not driving back
He is a . This is all DISTRACTION to make his seem bigger from all his UNFITNESS of being , 'fool' stop.
Boris Johnson’s campaign to become PM and unite U.K. is sheer duplicity. In he published a poem calling for the 'extermination' of Scottish people, in the Spectator. One line states “polluting our stock”.
My god, such a loser.
Trump has no clue about his obligations to do what's right for this country, and when a criminal hides behind lies and corruption and obstructs justice he is no longer a viable president.
Is truly islamic cricket council shame on icc
Three times more allotment to than for India's . Proves bias. English cricket couldn't buy covers for Trent Bridge. Four matches wasted. Imagine losses for fans who traveled from abroad. Mean could have decided Champion by toss of coin.
: . Which blood group is called universal donor ? [A] AB+ [B] AB- [C] O+ [D] O- Answer &amp; Test Ur GK st Ans: [A] Kerala. Plz &amp;
No matter what, we stand with you sir!!!
Trump Needs a Target to Stay Interested in His Campaign. For Now, It’s Biden.
Doctors strike continues across nation they need justice for them.
Great job murdering immigrants so far..
: 'We're not outsiders, we're not BJP, we're not CPM, we're Doctors,' say protesting doctors at Kolkata's NRS Hospital refuting Mamata Banerjee's claims
buh bye and Trump hasn't even started campaigning for Jim Lower yet i'm sure can use you in their am time slot after you lose primary by landslide
But If pulled out from than and sponsor will have big loss, highest number of fan following and Indian fan contribute major share in earning. I would support nation first, cricket second
Caught In White House-Sized Lie That He Can't Weasel Out Of
When wants to take trip of !!!!!
Once again I will be in spirit with all of you! Unfortunately I won’t be joining this time either due to my immigration status.
Wrong, we are fighting for the life of our Nation as it is being torn asunder by a secret invasion led by Russian influences and literal NAZIs.
still has time to change the schedule of vs match before it gets washed out on Sunday. The people of both nations wait for years for this contest and if the game is cancelled than ICC have no idea about the heat they’ll have to face.
In my entire life I never thought I'd see the day where the went on NATIONAL TV and said was acceptable to cooperate with an enemy against an US citizen. This is not OK. is evil. There is no other way to phrase it.
There are enough Tory MPs to collapse the government and prevent a no-deal Brexit, Amber Rudd has warned the Conservative leadership candidates.
defines the status quo of you. Click here to shop for products on , DM us the purchase screenshot &amp; get additional % cashback exclusively from
MCK 5 a.m Students giving guard of honour as the entire Dept. Of PEDIATRICS , Medical College Kolkata file their resignations in solidarity with the protest. Prof. Dr. Mousumi Nandy, HOD Pediatrics and dean has also resigned.
Seniors greeted &amp; cheered by juniors after mass resignation.. There is an old saying that united we stand, divided we fall. This is unity.. Dear momos waale didi no matter how much u gonna humiliate our doctors, we will stand by them forever.
What ur OBVIO incapable of Understanding is the 'GayPride' Flag is a Symbol of INCLUSIVENESS Important in a Time when a a a &amp; A Wannabe has done so much DIVIDE U.S. DENIES ATTKD ' Election &amp; Is BLOCKING ANY Measures Combat it
WaPo photographer had a pretty good photo - close up - showing the contents. It's an agreement with Mexico.
Disgraceful, I may be a small Indian boy BUT GOD SAVE THE QUEEN!!
Eerts() told play World Cup in England, but I(Rain) have an other ideas
Poor effort
withdraws from leadership race, backs How easily do politicians sell out - their principles, values shifting like lines in quicksand
Mind your own bullshit will yah? Oh and whilst at it mind all the innocent kids and lives that have gone and you did absolutly nothing about it!
The dishonest Trump crime family objectives is to steal from the US taayers. So sad! The true enemy of the people is the GOP for allowing the atrocity known as Benedict Donald to remain in the Oval Office.
No. of doctors who resigned in West Bengal ..up from to
Treason. TREASON.
By wearing the over his gloves has shown his love &amp; respect for the forces. should understand that this is not related to any political/religious/racial activities This is about our
The Vaping Congressman's Wife Has Flipped
Has anyone told you today how much of a fucking tool you are?! No... Ok. YOU'RE A FUCKING TOOL!!! Have a great day
Thank u for selecting venue of at England 󠁧󠁢󠁥󠁮󠁧󠁿 now plz re designed the to !
Hon. CM Mamata ji, with how many people will you fight. Every person of this nation has become 'BJP Ka Goonda'! Because they are with BJP!! and support Prime Minister .
Seen in The Deccan Chronicle (Bangalore, Karnataka, India) today. Looks like made a good impression internationally in the debate.
Attention : JULY : chose SPY at FREEDOM FEST (Putin Sanctions) JULY : She met w Trump Jr : LIFT sanctions Apr : She admits she's Secret agent for Kremlin : Sentenced to USA prison.
Happy ! and
I'm really wondering when will finally eat that ? Stroke or heart attack, either way is OK with me. The would finally be over.
In support for Bengal doctors, Indian Medical Association calls for nation wide withdrawal of services on th Monday. Only emergency services to be provided.
come on guys... We didn't wait years to see rain wash off our matches... This is the Keep the abandoned matches and slightly reschedule the finals.. Give fans what they want!
Ha! One more time with feeling! That's ma'am to you.
Shocking crime on Xmas day...
No one needs a War more than a Presidunce () slumping in the polls. ~ Everyone Who Has Ever Read A History Book
Definitely not alone!! I want my normal life back!! Want to stress about normal shit not this stuff. Im drained but still resisting!!
Yeah like that'll really do it, not. What are you on?
'450 Peppa Pigs for the NHS'
Where’s Walley. Oh l mean where’s They seek him here they seek him there.
Trump Is Assailed for Saying He Would Take Campaign Help From Russia
That's how the trophy will be handed over to the winner of
These are internment camps. Call them for what they are
Key Battles to Watch Out for India-Pakistan Cricket World Cup match
Cricket fans to ICC
A single doctoes life costs a thousand of patients life. Stand with them to build a healthy society. Say no to mamta less banerjee.
Are you on high while planning????
What kind of “father” would a make? Can he be trusted with children? Only a very demented pervert would think this is a good idea!
| 'First we should get security', say doctors in Mumbai in support of their protesting peers in Kolkata and across India. Tune in to watch coverage from across the country here -
Strauss Tummy Twister Rs.499
Royal Foldable Double Bed Mosquito Net Rs.863 (mrp-2000) Upto % Off on Pest Control
Quirky . Nah . Very ordinary , yep
Good morning , have a nice sleep you fucking bitch?
Fails Hugely.47 Million Americans Are Evidence
If this isn't an impeachable offense, what is?
dear didi don't make it your ego issue. You are making mess out of it. Don't play politics with poor patients life. I hope lord shri Ram will give you better understanding. Jay shri ram
AIIMS Doctors on strike in solidarity with Mamata Banerjee’s persecution of doctors. This tyranny of hers must come to an end!
India stands with Dhoni..
How intelligent r Indians, they don't care missing army aircraft. But discussing and struggling for Dhoni's gloves.
keep wearing those gloves. . Indians boycott the world cup.
PATIENTS are right, DOCTORS are right PATIENTS on road, DOCTORS on road PATIENTS loosing LIFE, DOCTORS loosing LIFE irony is both PATIENTS &amp; DOCTORS are being played in the hands of WB dirty POLITICS !!
Karnataka doctor commits suicide at PGIMS Rohtak after denied leave for sister's wedding
Do you want to see today like this sir ?
Our borders are just as secure in the south .drugs and criminals enter America through the east &amp; west coast .. by air &amp; sea.just build a wall &amp; a domed around our country.. I think not!!!..America will always be a beacon of light for the world..
Well I've got to agree with . Every household should have rec'd the latest page EU propaganda dossier produced by Cameron at the eense of taayer. A £9M bill for his Remain leafleting was simply insufficient in producing a win. 🤯
., Sports Guru: These people have managed to sort of very causally push across their mistakes. I feel this is a serious issue as it affects not only the but cricket at large
God Save people of
Anyone want any carpets taking up let me know I’ll send our Reggie he’s just done a lovely job in my bedroom 🤦‍️
This is what is wrong with America. This is why I’m no longer a Republican. This is BS. That is all.
ANNOUNCEMENT to all cricket lovers. Presentation ceremony is to be conducted on July th to present this prestigious cup to Rain Team. All are Welcome
We're LIVE --&gt; Taking on yak loads of the right! TUNE HERE:
Hey see how stupid you guys are..🤭🤭🤭 BTW
Buttigieg Backs a Future Criminal Investigation Into Trump
This is how ICC see ms dhoni gloves
SHAME ON For Concentrating on 's glove rather than on substandard Quality of Umpiring... being biased, Partial
You do realize no one believes a word you say.
Feeling like weather so that we can enjoy . has already ruined it with their awful decisions and they don't even bother
The Untold Story of Sunny Leone via
It’s June in DC; Flag Day is a perfect occasion to honor a great American patriot. I want to wish a Happy John McCain Day!
attack this doctor in &amp; suspended him.
only thing fake is the votes they changed to have you win..
Elementary school worker quits after making racist comments to students
Doctors' bodies seek law to thwart violence READ:
Did that flag sign a NDA before it was molested?
Mass Murderer Yasin Malik has human rights but doctors don't have!Save doctors of ur state B4 crying save democracy. West Bengal want Freedom from . West Bengal want freedom from violence&amplitical Terrorism.
MB shouldn't be allowed to meet the injured doctor till all the attackers are arrested.
INJUSTICE ANYWHERE IS A THREAT TO THE JUSTICE EVERYWHERE - Martin Luther King Jr. Each and every part of the community must stand with each other at times of crisis.
Save Your Saviours ️
*119 doctors in West Bengal had resigned over voilence *Called for Nation wide protest
They’re threatening striking medical students , kicking them out of their dorms and blackmailing their parents
Please really, really imagine for a second, for a nanosecond about the insanity required to even consider as the Prime Minister of this country? There can’t be anybody alive that is stupid enough to consider this idiot for the job
Says the one who keeps putting himself above the law. This is America, not Trumpistan.
AGAIN for from the
team is playing. Rain will be winner this year.
Hey, OJ. Question: What's really fast, red, white and green all over. Answer: A bloody jealous ex-husband speeding through Brentwood in a Ford Bronco.
You &amp; Mitch are guilty of . It's time to
is busy protecting monsters &amp; will stop anyone trying to get justice for victims... Great law &amp; order of 🇮🇳
That is pure BS...
Yup! Bubba 🤦‍️
Trump's departed press people sound like a terrible morning zoo show 'You're back with Sarah, Spicy and THE MOOCH! Caller with the phrase that pays wins tickets to DOORS DOWN!'
shop: Benedict Donald so called president is a traitor Short-Sleeve Unisex T-Shirt
Drives like a poes. Skipping every red robot in Sunward Park Boksburg that he can with an entire family and three kids in the car.
Dreamt Boris, chasing down street after a leadership rival. As he reaches him... Boris: Hello- Rival: Boris, it's already a lie. Savage burn.
'Stunning' and 'outrageous': Trump's willingness to accept political dirt from foreign spies makes it 'open season' on US elections -Business Insider. « Single most damaging statement Trump has made since taking office «
InshaAllah we will be supporting our Chairman and in every protest against this , Nalahiq Niazi..!
Our anger should be towards this and not towards - we are collapsing as a society. .
We during match day
Can't understand how darts comes before his children
UAE Enlisted Businessman to Spy On Trump White House
IMA scam: A pre-planned and well-executed fraud
Indian should learn from Japanese
New design
Everybody stands by America &amp; goes to war against Iran ... Then Iran bails out a bankrupt Trump Kushner building somewhere ... Trump changes his mind and defends Iran ...
What the Horror of “Chernobyl” Reveals About the Deceit of the Trump Era
Why doctors across India are up in arms. My report
Actually scenes in the WorldCup Final at Lords
ITS ALL PRE-SHEDULED , NO RAIN OF ENG'S MATCH, WISELY GROUND CHOSEN FOR ENG, ITS A TRICK TO REACH ENG ON FINAL EASILY.. '
Thank you all for the New Followers! Twitter is being a butch and will only allow me to follow back a few at a time. I will get to you all ASAP!
Awwww. Presidential Harassment cries one of the biggest bullies in history. But like every other bully, you run and cry foul when people retaliate to the bully.
Trump Angrily Snaps At Chief Of Staff For Coughing During Interview: ‘You Just Can’t Cough’ -
is it Photoshop work by ???? why ly ur mla &amp; member photo with , why not other party member??
Have the worst birthday ever. You deserve it.
aka: , on here is an authentic TIME magazine cover.
Thanks to Dhoni
Dhoni should boycott this CWC. We have as a Best captain. He will make India win. shame on you that you are still just silent. Show some goodness for your country and .
Retweet if you have PayPal/CashApp and want me to send you money Must be following. sugar daddy
Doctors, Advocates, Intellectuals, Common People all are OUTSIDERS, Only Rohinga Muslims are INSIDERS for Mad Mamta.
And what do we applaud ICC for? For disappointing Worldwide Fans and Sponsors of the tournament by not considering the fact how rains could play spoilsport to the tournament...
Protest violence with doctor.....
West Bengal doctor strike live: IMA declares nationwide strike on Monday; doctors seek apology from Mamata Banerjee
he means everyone talks about him because he is a , now he feels he has to reply back. Just block him and support
I'm sorry, but if Boris Johnson can't be bothered to turn up to a debate with that lot, then he shouldn't be in the running. It is indicative of his attitude to life, and he gets away with it every time.
🤡 Happy Birthday President tRumpf!
Nothing like a good Party
He's stupid and unethical. What a combo.
And retired porn star Melania too.
Because we are also human just like u We too hv families We need your support We always tried and will try our best for you Dear indian change your mentality and say no to mob lynching of doctors Support protest
Indians, let's flood the stadium on Sunday with the on t-shirts and placards. Fans it's time to stand up for our army &amp; country and show the power and unity of India to ICC and the World! its not religious or brand promo.share.
Dear doctors, I would request you to prescribe our CM with some medicine to cure her indigestion. She ate chop and chaa sold by outsider since the day voting days were announced. .
And he wear Logo ️prefer to be Indian!! And some Indians says 'that was wrong' was this???? Use this hashtag and support him 🇮🇳
Prepare To Repeal Rule That Prevents From Being
Jab “Balidaan” likha hi nahi hai toh why the unwanted controversy. So but drops the .
I'm SOOO excited! Going take my granddau DC &amp; NYC the th! Can I get away w/ holding up a sign on PA Ave &amp; taking a selfie? I haven't been on a vaca like this n yrs. I never thot I'd b able travel again b4 my hip surg.
Some more than others... It's alright it was only years....
Who's 'The Turnip' ? Answer below ..
if you listening........ Open the floodgates.
leaving her post as the worst lying Press Secretary of the United States of , under a men who is unfit to lead anything. Sarah you are disgraceful, and . Why would you support such a , grabbed them by . BBW
Boris Johnson is a winner but we won’t buy his car | News | The Sunday Times
Poor
Scary that WH thinks this is worth promoting. This coming from an Onion or Rogue account would be normal.
SHUT THE FUCK UP YOU STUPID CUNT AND GO AWAY!
Not in his, or her most wild fucking dreams!
Carragher has just compared TAA to beckham what ! Worlds apart you clown !
America is interfering with our oppression. We try to make friends with Russia, they interfere. We try making friends with China, they interfere.
useless body!!! Simple eh solla pona... THU!!!
'Dhoni will always be my Captain' - th time so far Kohli has said these lines since Dhoni stepped down from Captaincy !!!!
You exactly know why won.
ICC doesn't care because is protected by rain insurance cover for which means it will be compensated for the refunds it is required to pay to ticket holders as applicable.
.. New World Cup Logo
My little crazy gal. Looking all fun and innocent and weird like she hasn't started bringing home half dead birds
When the chick on that’s never been in a relationship starts giving out relationship advice
David Jones thinks Boris Johnson is best placed to take on another ´big personality´, Farage. 'He is the most recognisable politician in the country.' So? Trump is the most recognisable politician in the States.
Arey woh Independent ka citizen hai, n he holds an army rank. Taklif kya hai be.
If MPs end up voting despite his avoidance of public debate &amp; present himself, it shows the party is rotten the core; it will show that deals have been made with MPs. People should C ’s incompetence on stage
! Also,
What a great ful innings from our team india
- ICC is earning billions from this event, but could have managed the event in much better way and could win
has insulted our Army and MSDhoni. As a proud Indian should we or not? My opinion is Yes.
Photograph from yesterday. Emergency OT services at Murshidabad Medical College continue.
Nation respect is more than cricket
Team Anna Faris
We’ll be outside Speaker Pelosi’s SF office demanding an on Friday :00pm. Dressed as Founding Fathers. Of course. …
Such a hypocrite and liar you are Mr. Selected PM . Why don't you accept you failed miserably in past months? Stop crying about past. Show progress or go home. You could not achieve any of your -2019 set goals.
Happy !
India is about times bigger than United Kingdom. While UK spends % on health (and still underfunded) India spends a mere % of it's GDP amd blames doctors for everything that's wrong in the system.
who gives a shit what he does!
Literally have seen th grade girls basketball with FAR better shooting technique and overall look than this bozo.
If Army is not a part of any political party, then i believe every political parties should support dhoni for wearing
Funny how the attacks on doctors are all happening in non-BJP states and the media is deciding to be silent on the matter!
If it wasn't so serious it would be hilarious ...
Even John Barron &amp; John Miller call BS.
LMAO HE BELIEVED A LYING ! THE ! You promised you'd release tax returns, OOOOOPS!
is leaving 's administration! About time. So sick of listening to her lies. Too bad we still have to listen to 's lies, you know, when any words are falling from his mouth or he is tweeting - those lies.
‘Home they brought her warrior dead.. She nor swooned nor uttered cry’ - Alfred Lord Tennyson.. She didn’t cry coz she was a warrior too.. He died of assault from the same people he tried to save..
After reading this article I had to vomit 🤮
Another example of blatant hypocrisy from you’ve lost my vote
. Stop trying to lead us into a war based on lies to cover up your crimes and treason! We are watching!
'I'm not from Central Casting' It seems Sajid javid has hired some American campaign consultants.
Donald, you went on TV and admitted that you would readily take help from foreign sources to win elections. You are GUILTY of collusion! The Steele Dossier was paid for and instituted by Republicans.
Have we failed our Doctors? via
*Rain Conditions Elained*
Protest against Mamta Banerjee and effigy burning in SCB Medical College, Cuttack, odisha.
I will protect at all costs.
The danger of lies in its ability to silence the It is a sophisticated form of which resulted in
Rain may dampen Star's plans to earn around ₹100 cr from India-Pak WC match
Thank you for standing by 's decision
It is really heartbreaking for every cricket fan around the world. Shame on that they didn't keep any reserve day for washed out matches.. England witnesses rain during this time so the must have kept numerous options but they failed , ruined CWC .
Breaking News - ICC seriously thinking of Book Cricket World Cup.
PRESIDENTIAL HARASSMENT: asking for his birth certificate for YEARS !!! while hiding his own
Concentrate on Weather condition and location, not on Dhoni’s glows
Enact the FIRE Act to Require Political Campaigns Disclose Foreign Contacts:
Especially
Jamshedpur State Doctors stands in solidarity with their West Bengal counterparts
and so are you KEVIN
? Correct . He wrote, “The dishonest media will NEVER keep us from accomplishing our objectives on behalf of our GREAT AMERICAN PEOPLE! ” I say, “Dishonest Trump will NEVER keep us from from restoring DEMOCRACY on behalf of all Americans!”
This week marks years since the killings of &amp; for which now has a acct. was charged with murder &amp; found not guilty at his criminal trial. BLOCK HIM &amp; follow via
Arrogant refuses to turn up to . Is he allergic to debates and hustings?
The irony of this!!!
What you support ?
what a arrangement..
It was a Miracle. A Russian Miracle!
Ex-WH counsel plans to tell Congress he sees similarities between Nin and Trump
Former Trump advisor George Nader ordered jailed until his child porn trial
Jackie O didn’t do Lesbian Porno movies.
has no problem with the entire Pakistan cricket team marking territory by praying on the cricket field (part of Muslim ritual prayer) but find insignia on 's gloves inappropriate.
However doctors are ready for open healthy discussion with the CM and are willing to resolve the matter as soon as possible. But it has to be open and transparent.
You don't have any friends!
⁦⁩ puts GOP in tough spot with remarks on foreign 'dirt'
When you’re more interested about stopping leaks then doing something to improve, you’re the same as Nin! Trump campaign fires multiple pollsters after unflattering numbers leak
da.. is forever for me...
The theme song for this World Cup should be Rain, Rain go away come again another day, little spectators want their big stars to play. Carrying the same, here is something humorous. Let's break the monotony🤟
'Presidential' incompetence, corruption, and treason!!!!
American hunter says she has no regrets about killing a black giraffe via
Watching because put me back in the mood. Was not prepared for the episode. acted the fudge out of that episode.
And the World Cup goes to ICC !!!
A special day, for an extra-special scumbag.
How it How Mamta actually is Banerjee sees it
Why they not put the covers in all over the ground, and who make the schedule of world cup ... Dont you knw the weather forcasting before
The CM of the State, also the Health Minister, and such a ruthless response to the State Governer?? has completely lost the The situation is worse than what is actually looks from the videos/pictures at Social media &amp; News
Tell that to . Too many of you have led him to believe they’re on AT LEAST equal footing.
Tandolker : a Biography || | via
We stand with infact
Who's your favorite going into the ?
CM of WB will never dare to do the right thing..catch the Gunda. How can a dictator who has lost her mind arrest Gunda? She can't arrest her own voters even if they murder doctors. Everything is allowed for voters. No level. Too low
Brexit on WTO terms? Great news for jam lovers ..
You guys are truly assamed of you the indipendent body and representing the country whose has this much cricket fans, Be strict and stand with ,
He isn't.
Vinash kaale vipreet budhhi The sister is just as half minded as his brother.
Would make perfect sense if it was
Trump (since March): No collusion, no coullusion! Trump (Now): Anyone down to collude? Anyone? I won't call the FBI, I promise!
be yourself fuck everyone else luv u 🧛‍️
Good point raised on Indian TV - takes a bigger load of money from India and robs the Indian fans of WC eerience - so Indians are being robbed twice!! Shame on for letting ICc get away Why should a toothless org like run the game?
Dhoni's change of gloves had no adverse effects on him or team India.
Didi your contentious comment 'Outsiders' had created a chaos all around &amp; the healthcare service in the country have been badly disrupted and many people are dying because of the absence of the doctors.
Parents reaction when a doctor returns home safely in Bengal
if ICC does not allow, wear a 'Locket' . Also urge all proud Indian viewers to display posters of batch in Pak match. Jai Hind..
Chances are might also censure/ban cricketers to not have photos of their Gods in their kits, fearing that they might be merging religion &amp; sport, not caring about the athlete’s own personal &amp; religious beliefs.
A straight couple behaving badly caused the panicked stampede at DC’s Pride parade
Today's is Trumps' birthday so lets make this a TRUMP FREE day. After this post I will NOT post anything about Trump all weekend.
thank you for ruining the most awaited tournament in India
Useless issue created by ICC.
More subsidies for illegal aliens?
This woman is completely out of her mind. She has lost it all. Such a shame.
Doesn’t that mean half the country HATES you?
BBC News - ’s history of extraordinary
Have a great day!
scrutinised and endured wasting public money. The role of a politician includes ensuing public money is not wasted. For that alone he should be fired! Recall petition in Uxbridge please! Not convinced? Read on...
Dear this is not any promotion which is doing. He is supporting Indian Army and our soldiers. it is request to no ask Mr Dhoni to remove. We are proud of him and our brave soldiers. It will not be dropped from his gloves.
The entire nation will respect these doctors if they continue to serve patients in the same hospitals even after their resignation
Not doctors, these are medical college faculties - Professors, Associate and Assisatant Professors with years of eerience. It’ll take yrs for the govt to replace them 🤷‍️
Some things are wrong in absolute. Kiski Sarkar k time hua, uske pehle kya hua thha, kis context me hua thha ye game khelna band kare.
didi is a worst politicians ever arrogant lady
Restore justice to 'sFraternity
This world cup is trying to compete with world cup for being most boring and unsuccessful world cup
He need to help you Cause yo face falling....
Personally I thought came across best on . Given the other candidates represent varying extremes it's nice to see there is still space for someone moderate. Certainly more statesman-like than an empty podium
There is an upcoming Democratic Debate from candidates in less than a week. And some are focused on GFMs, BMCs, Bullying, Outing. We need to ensure we have people who are eligible and are American Citizens to
Hi Scott. Count me in please, and thanks for uniting all
Advice to going on Strike, instead they should refuse to attend 's officials and elected representatives of the people. Why people suffer for no fault of theirs.
Everyone concerned about the doctors strike and issues they raise must also read this.
Be honest - would you have wanted as your commanding officer while you were in the army? Your life in his lazy, lying, sloppy, self-serving, self-indulgent hands? Of course you wouldn't - so why back him to lead the country?
This is really ugly. Hope at least no shower on finals.....
There are far more important issues to be reported n sorted out. Leave this to the which will definitely come up a better solution than you two poking your noses unnecessarily.
There's a law being considered to be enacted into the US constitution. Any who has been found guilty should have their genitals mutilated chemically before being released. If our could consider such, we may have a solution to rape for fear of being mutilated.
So have you paid anything at all to Mr Goldman yet for killing his son? I doubt it but here you are trying to 'set things straight'.
They say colouring is therapeutic..... I just finished my newest piece and I couldn’t agree more ️🤣
NEW Frankie Say Impeach - retro tee! Get yours here
I have never ever seen this kind of world cup. u should have done better plan.Atleast u can look after the ground by covering complete ground. U should learn from BCCI management
ipl planned well or world cup
Retweet if you have PayPal/CashApp and want me to send you money Must be following. sugar daddy
Trump is operating an international Crime Syndicate within the United States Government. He's feeling the heat, and here's proof of 's M.O. in a former tweet.
So now Trump is invoking 'Executive Privelage' on census documents in a preemptive move against the House holding 'Wilbur' Ross and Barr in contempt! ... is there anything this Administration does, that isn't illegal? WTF!! 🤬
see India vs pak is also gone..... Fuck off Worst World Cup series...
She has proved the saying of our ... 'Vinaash Kale Vipreit Buddhi' meaning when one's doom approaches..the person intellect works against his/her best interest.
Let us become aware of this horrible tradition. Let the international community open its eyes and once we stop the indiscriminate killing of dogs.
To Sandra and the rest of the world; You do not know God either, and if you still say you do, prove it! LGBTs don't ask for , they ask for . Churches have special rights, they don't pay . I ate an , am I a -?
Did you read that the th of july will be a great big-O'-fundraiser for trumps re election? He also plans to make himself the center of attention.(surprise). This is his 'parade' he so wants the country to have for him. &amp; since that wont happen. Hes taking this.
NYT: Mexico Had Already Agreed to Border Measures Trump Said Were Taken to Avert Tariffs
I read until I got to the picture of him with the Trump jersey on the wall.
Baharampore Hospital in saying that MLA Abu Taher Khan &amp; his men entered the hospital &amp; threatened of raping lady doctors, murdering male doctors &amp; said it'll be done such way, none can trace bodies.
oi check shirt man , when you say “this country” do you mean Wales?no? Didn’t think so
Every one in the country is aware if what's happening with doctors in west Bengal &amp; in India &amp; this is no way any ruling government should treat it's people. It's high time people speak up &amp; this is should not die down easily.
Even couldn’t have imagined that our media will go for such high TRP by taking this issue to prime time !! If army is our pride then our current missing plane must be at our prime time and game yes we will win 🤩🤩
Demonstration against Beijing Olympic (Japan)
to BCCI:: Sorry we cant allow Ms Dhoni to keep the Army Gloves. reply:: Salaam thok, Sar Jhuka, Tu dum daba, Chal Rasta naap le..
And he is so called people's representative
Congressman says he supports prison for people who get abortions
Can't wait to see who'll be the new (unelected yet again) PM says me never if et al are anything to go by really do hope there's life on Mars
Sir i am a medical student and after all is happening in kolkata i no more feel safe being a doctor .Every human has the basic right to have protection when threatened ,why we doctor's are being denied of that
I’m a comedian and as a group we’re: selfish, chaotic, narcissistic, disorganised, needy and entirely self obsessed. I wouldn’t trust a comedian with anything apart from a microphone and an audience. And those are the exact reasons why
wants to make happy each and every WC playing country thats why their made schedule according to rain so that every country score point.
the stupidity of the demand is only because of the president of ICC - what's next? Get virat and pandya to erase their tattoos???
another GOOD reason NOT reveal identity of rape accused man!! not only because he might be INNOCENT .. but because people MISTAKE him someone else with same name. PREPOSTEROUS!! karan WAHI now?
, , ! Trial time
The president's comments suggest that he believes winning an election is more important than the integrity of the election, Chuck Schumer said.
Martin Rowson on Tory MPs voting for a new leader - political cartoon gallery in London
To those armchair activists on all issues they don't understand but mute on this.
all this from a fat no talent ass
I really hope this trends
Wow you really have some nerve coming on twitter like this...
General Election now!
A convicted killer, who went on the run for days, was caught by chance when police were called to a McDonald’s drive-thru, a court has heard. Read more
*After betrayal from momta Didi, media and patients* AIIMS doctors:
This Fucken Guy! What a brainwashed cunt!
Why icc have issue with Indian army badge ICC behaving like ISIS at last Indians feeling is it =ISIS ,
Him bhi log hain. Hamara bhi gussa fut raha hain. So per high medical bill is concerned, why pay a single paisa, go get yourself treated at govt hospitals. You want premium service you have to pay premium. In negligence cases docs are penalised heavily.
Protest against Mamta Banerjee and effigy burning in SCB Medical College, Cuttack, odisha.
It was too late for him to try to do damage control on the interview will be aired again and more people get to hear what he has to say.
ownership is a real thing. It's powerful. Own your douche.
Absolutely mortifying what is happening at our border. These camps should be preserved purely for education. Instead they're being recycled for the same purpose.
iTWEET:After all the rabid build up to the match between &amp; on June, the ultimate let-down would be a washed out match again! One point each!
कुछ भी कहने से अच्छा है। कुछ भी सोच समझ के बोले। नियम कायदे नाम के भी कुछ चीजें होती है। Let the concern team to take care of the same and let's not divert from the main topic of India should win the ! However I too with msd on this with !
How the hell has won all this support if he won’t leave his front room? Am I missing something?
Every supporter of the current White House occupant who continues to support him after his latest treasonous comments can all fuck right the fuck off for-fucking-ever.
This is stupidly crazy. To think of leader might just prioritize a known political enemy nation over his country is so disgusting. I cant wait for this nightmare to be done. Our country deserve justice and ppm to defend it!
For cricketer like Sunil Gavaskar world cup is everything! Let any team win world cup, we don't care. We care for pride and self respect of our Army / Nation first.
You just use the military for a photo-op for your convenience.
And you like What's your point
Adam Silver is into hardcore BDSM. Still figuring out what role he plays, he’s absolutely cringe-tastic. He also has bodies buried in his backyard, + I’m thinking
Federal watchdog agency says Kellyanne Conway should be fired after violating the Hatch Act
Dear you haven't done right We stand by
There is gonna be ever. Hell, deserves no praise of any sort since he's a fraud and a FAILURE.
We have seen through various peaceful means possible. And all of us must stand with them.Their well-being is important to us not only because they are doctors but also because they are fellow citizens. because every life matters - theirs included!
Dear The symbol for Balidaan is pride of our Indian Para Troopers. There is nothing religious or political in wearing the glove. Big commercial brands logo will do but not national pride ..? Its horrible
Tweets About Epic Interview Fail &amp; Gets Mocked Like A Clown
Doctors of govt. Medical clg surat protest against violence against doctors. .. the savior
Dear ICC focus on improving the standard of Umpiring.Which is important than then dhoni's Gloves.
It was who brought the country back from the brink of economic collapse, now is Bankrupting the country, since Bankruptcy is actually the only thing knows
Vox Sentences: Maine moves to eand abortion access
Mamata vs Docs Latest Updates: Dharna Didi gets taste of her own medicine hand out -hour ultimatum
What happened to violent crime in London since ? via
I see the unscrupulous and opportunistic has decided to back eansion. End of retreat from commitment to lie in front of the bulldozers. On the bright side he may now support and in a few months.
Senate Republicans say campaigns should call FBI over foreign dirt
Trying to win by hiding. Tory frontrunner fails to participate in the debate as PM contenders struggle to offer sol
Are Muslims, in general a nuisance to be tolerated by the rest of the world ?
Govt school adopted by IMA appointed unqualified teachers based on their investments
I'm in count down mode until we never have to see this nasty grifter family again. And never is too soon.
's political judgement has proven to be spot on over the course of decades. You on the other hand are a proven liar, probably racist to your core, whose moral compass has allowed the deaths of over ,000 UK citizens.
A billion Cricket fans waited four years to watch how it rains in England
Sir please do not change your gloves, please sir...
Biden leading Trump by in Pennsylvania Biden leading Trump by in Wisconsin Biden leading Trump by in Florida Trump leading Biden by in Texas Hahahahaha!
just invited Congress to begin proceedings
Surrender. It’s all coming out. Everything. Everyone will know the truth.
Don't know if the math is correct but
. That was at , now it’s am. . I don’t owe you shit . Don’t fucking break in
The groupies are going to lie us into another war! And why? TO PUMP TRUMP’S POLL NUMBERS!
This should have been the anthem of this world cup
June ,
For the first time in years, our economy has dropped from st to rd.
Trump says the Dems' are now 'playing' the seldom used 'Contempt Card' with 'Wilbur' Ross and Bill Barr, this fucking idiot thinks 'Contempt of Congress' for ignoring Congressional Subpoena's, is a fucking game! 🤬
It's Donald Trump's birthday, but it's on Twitter
Bastard
Please RT.
As doctors continue to resign en masse, the centre sought two detailed reports from the government including the measures taken to contain political violence in the state.
I think if Boris refuses to take part in the hustlings he should be automatically excluded from the leadership contest. Refusing to take part shows contempt of the British people and extreme arrogance.
I’m not saying is a russian asset but the russian sure say he is!
the weather we cannnot control, investment in covers you can..... as for some of the ticket prices truly shocking. Like the Champions trophy last year you would rather have stack of empty Corporate seats than a stadium full of excited fans. pound for Eng Bangla
'It's not about EU, it's about me!'
The UK faces wildcat strikes and civil disobedience if Boris Johnson commits to a no-deal Brexit as prime minister, a group of campaigners have warned.
It's not raining as it's England's match..ECB &amp; ICC have scheduled all England matches where possibility of rain is minnimum i.e, 'Rain Fixing'. must change the venue of match from Manchester to London.
What Pompeo forgot about the flag
I've definitely not heard enough. And what i have heard / read indicates has obstructed justice and his campaign worked in conjunction with Russia to be illegitimately installed as a russian-asset.
Idiot Trump gets harpooned for ‘Prince of Whales’ spelling error Its Prince of Wales, you baffoon
Not on my life would I wish Trump a happy birthday.
forgets an important rule: don’t make up quotes from real people
Mamata Didi, You strip doctors of their dignity and eect them to do nothing? Why play with people’s lives because of your sheer arrogance?
Do not remove the batch at any cost We support you MS 🇮🇳 must give equal treatment to everyone.. What do you call this a spirit of cricket...?
I DEMAND TRUMP RESIGN
After जय श्री राम controversy , calls doctors outsiders protesting on behalf of other political parties Dear Mamata didi, instead of blaming Doctors perhaps you should introspect once for a change
does only two things. . Sleeps most of the times . Wakes up to impose some restrictions on valid or otherwise
We are with you
ICC behaving like ECI
Thread of great importance and florid profanity
I'll drink to that 🥂
We have ZERO interest in playing GOD, so please don't treat us either as a GOD or as a DOG! If you deserve respect, so do we, nothing more and nothing less...
Your momma should've swallowed... Trump, the poster child for retroactive abortions.
Talk trash?? No, just my opinion that people take this way too serious. But we do agree on one thing that is way more important than any game or any injury .
If not possible to keep insignia on gloves should have tattoo of insignia on his arms.
It may just drizzle for a few hours on sunday, but due to lack of covers and resulting wet outfield, the Ind-Pak match is likely to be abandoned
My mementoes today included this P.O.S.... so I’ll give him a shout out. Never forget...
The confusion created by the Right-Wing extremists, or otherwise known as Republicans, resulted in in the White House Reinstate
the is the new british raj dictating on the colonies what and what not to wear. looking at money aspect will bow down to its british raj masters
Stop Violence Against Doctors!!
P.M. we are happy to have you our minister. I would like to request you take some action against , make some strict against them. Numbers of rape are day by day instead of ...
We're about to get our own trump
Welcome to Trumpworld
Mobile Phone Software in Delhi is the best cell phone monitoring software for the clients and this is the hacking and tracking software.
Mass resignation at Salute.
History will remember this as not only doctors but the common citizens' first movement against the autocratic dictatorship of Mamata-Bin-Tughlaq!! All this without any political support!!
Dear , Instead of focussing on gloves better focus on improving the quality of umpires. decisions overturned so far in today's game + a huge No Ball miss that costed Chris Gayle's wicket.
I'm boycotting Trump's th of July political rally. Everyone should.
Why is hiding from the press and tv cameras? No show on &amp; today conspicuous by his absence from the
What has he seen from Trump that indicates he’s shown good judgement? Just SAYING He would take Information from A Foreign Govt shows Terrible Judgment!
Once becomes PM, denial is no longer an option.
It is an appeal for all Indians and Indian Cricket Fans plz wear tshirts having balidan insignia printed on them while going to watch the match. In this way, we can protest against ICC hypocrite and foolish decision
Happy !!
What I do... whether it’s plants or relationships...
Not even if office yet and already he's being a twat.
About time to give this tournament a cold shoulder, let suffer some losses.
Lulz new meme of the day !
we want answer. great initiative and support
Junior doctors refuse to meet Chief Minister at her office in Nabanno and have instead asked her to meet them at NRS Medical College and Hospital as they feel insecure and apprehensive about meeting her behind closed doors
Special Birthday Song for Drumpf!
is just a greasy piece of shit. The world is darker with him in it.
Somebody turn off the already.
ICC showed his full attention towarrds Dhoni's gloves But gives a few attention in choosing a perfect place for the world cup K19
Who the Fuck are you? Oh, nobody. That elains it.
What a proud moment!! We literally waited for years to see the rain of englnd Thankyou
CM of the state vists the hospital , threatens the protesting docs. of punishment accuses them of differentiating patients on the basis of religion &amp; tells them they shouldn't complain because police personnel also faces the same /3
If you are then you're a piece of shit. If you are then you are a piece of shit. If you are a supporter of either Trump or Pence the you are a piece of shit.
You love trump too . So there’s that.
For a moment on June , during your speech in Normandy I eerienced a momentary feeling of contentment. It actually felt like I was listening to an actual POTUS &amp; that felt good. U delivered an excellent speech to the world.. Then u went back to ASSHOLE mode! ️🇺🇲
There is only one clear winner this Cricket World Cup- RAIN; given us consistent performances and remains undefeated!!!!
Change host uk to India know
is still sleeping This is Day of protest...No one from the central government or state government care about the situation and the patients dying outside the hospitals.
PLEASE SEE WHAT THEY ARE SAYING FIRST-HAND. DON'T TRUST YELLOW JOURNALISTS!
. oh hey its a 'tough guy' with a badge assaulting citizens for no reason
What about the fathers who can’t be with their children because they were ripped from the womb? = = to humanity
Why wasn't Boris at the debate last evening running for Prime Minister with the other candidates, surely there a reason that I clearly missed out 🤔
Unleashes AM As World Crumbles Around Him
What in the absolute hell is wrong with you?!?
Everyone should be scared that doesn't know the difference between right and wrong.
How scary is this, ?
All the positive replies on here are bots! You are such a
Dear you can remove sign of BALIDAN from gloves but you can't remove his respect for INDIAN ARMY from his heart. He is not a cricketer, He is GOD for us.
Our entire state wants to know who this Minister in context is. Request all the media houses to pursue this matter relentlessly and also the IAS officer in context should be given an award for his gallantry.
Act like you been there befo....Oh that’s right. Never been there. That’s cute. Good for you guys....
Yaa... Its not cool. But it has become more than just a fight for doctors. Its a fight for democracy... Our leaders do whatever they want in the name of democracy... It's time to put full stop to that.
% Right...
Hypocrisy is Pakistani team can offer namaz on the ground but Dhoni cant display balidan badge?? Then Indian team should offer Hanuman Chalisa, Durga Puja on the ground.
Show us the keeping gloves and we would tell.
Fuck Way to make it financially more difficult to support a US company and the future of the auto industry
what was happening there?
Forget Parsees Save
Be Quiet or the racist scarecrow with the orange face will get you!!
I salute his love for the nation and soldiers! We are proud you dhoni continue to wear your gloves till we lift the World cup I stand by
Have you entered this &amp; Giveaway by ? If not, do it NOW!!!
always
I deeply request all indian fans to carry the Balidan dagger flag whoever going to watch the cricket in stadium or wear T-shirt with the logo. Show the power of us
I'm NOT checking any fucking citizenship box .
Which is more important?
Who benefits from the elosion in the sea of ிக்கும்தமிழ்நாடு
Traitor piece of shit mother fucker.
An Indian Lieutenant Colonel showing support to Indian Army is never the wrong thing, and i believe good things should always be continued.
Dear friends, let's support Dhoni by changing all our profile picture in all our social media profiles as a symbol of Balidhan logo. Dhoni please don't remove the Gloves entire India is with you. Jai hindh
What a douche nozzle.
WHY? Oh that's right because he's a stupid fucking greedy moron with two brain dead Sons who love to kill endangered animals!
% Pakistanis wants war with India and % said war should not be. And Those % belongs to Pakistans Armed Forces
Question is... Why a allowed to play international cricket tournaments ???
is confused After Spending Rs.1100cr to there logo has less recall compared to
Taking a trip to New York. If this gets likes, I'll take a shit on Trump Tower.
- Using this type of language for the PM of India elected by a landslide by the people of India is totally unacceptable and is akin to abusing the mandate given by the people.
The UK is just going to be like another mistress for . He'll fuck her completely but eventually get bored with her and piss off, denying any responsibility for whatever bastard encumbrances he leaves her with.\nWibble.
FUCK YEAH MY NIECE: IF PEOPLE DONT LIKE HOT CHIPS THEY SHOULD GO TO THE DOCTOR\n\nTEACH THE CHILDREN WELL ETC
Abusing Modi who is taking Bharat on top ranking on world map Shame
spycam lesbians kazakhstan dating sites cum grannies doctors oral sex pussy fuck ass fucked girl getting fucked clips nipples sex phat ass fucked fuck housewife girls have real sex sex stories real nipples cock
It\'s ok to have different beliefs, if those beliefs don\'t endanger others or infringe upon their human rights.\n\nAdvocating changes in law to allow parents to Doctor Shop in order to avoid vaccines is ignorant and dangerous.\n\nAgain, fuck Jessica Biel.
I think the Janeu is on ulta and the Hindu kid seems to be doing namaaz. This picture is as authentic as mythical Ganga Jamuni Tehzeeb
Insult to the Premier of the nation is an insult to the entire country.
May be that guy, doesn't know Hindi, most thought, they heard him say GandHi Naali !
but my doctor said whole grains are healthy and saturated fat in beef is bad. Do you really think you know more than my doctor?! \n\nYes God damn it I know way the fuck more than your stupid ass doctor when it comes to nutrition
Boris Johnson is full of shit, he wants the prime minister role as its the only toy the spoiled bastard as never had, its ok for him to play with U.K. n toss it when broken, normal people will be the ones suffering whilst that mega rich lying bastard wont give a flying fuck
So they're using Boris Johnson's comments to keep Nazanin Zaghari Ratcliffe imprisoned & he refuses to take any responsibility for his actions?\n\nAnd you think this twat is fit to be PM?\n\nFuck off!\n\n
Abusing Modi who is taking Bharat on top ranking on world map Shame
| During the electoral process a lot of filthy language was used, but what happened today. It was against the Prime Minister of the country: Smita Prakash- Editor, ANI\n
Personally, I say lets go the whole hog & get elected to PM. Him & would be a bumbling comedy double act destroying lives & the planet but making great TV! After all, it's not about policy, it's about personality & pandering to fear. Fuck your kids future!
Since Ive attended UCLA ive seen:\nMANY suicides\nA school shooting \nAn admissions scandal \nSchool doctor sexually assaults students\nCreepy professors/TAs who fuck students\n\nI have no idea what the fuck were in
Golden state had two players re-injure themselves in the same game. \n\nDon\'t blame the doctors\n\nFuck them doctors.
He must have voted for trump
Why do you talk in first person?
Going to war. Hey these other countries pd traitor Trump and kush. Now they are making it happen. Right from the start
Trump has a habit of creating a crisis and then jumping in and solving it. We HAD an agreement only problem in the s eyes is that it happened during Pres Obamas administration. You all need to get over yourselves and put country over party.
Misuse of right to speech
How the fuck does Boris keep finding women to sleep with him ? He looks like a preschooler drew a rapists face on a chunk of uncooked sausage meat
PM is not responsible for each and everything! Why do they abuse PM ?
When rahul is president then what others can say only abuses
weeks ago I said to friends:\nId be amazed if doesnt bottle being PM again like last time & find some excuse to drop out of the race. Because he is all mouth & knows deep down he be a shit PM & cant deliver fuck all & knows he will be a failure
how can Indian citizens tolerate behavior of cong leader in lok sabha
Who thinks the debates just won't be the same without Donna Brazile working on them behind the scenes?
can someone ask Adhir, as to why his daughter committed suicide, what did she saw???
Crazy politics of Cong has vanished its element of cultural ethics .
must answer if word used by his leader in LS is word of love. It is exemplary culture of BJP MPs who did not refer opposition to Mathai book in response to such dirty language.
They wont be applauding when he fucks up Brexit. Only a moron can look at what Johnson has done as a politician and conclude that hell do what he says he will.
Trump did it again!! Iran leadership doesnt understand the words nice and compassion... Donald is soooo funny!
By such statements you are insulting People of India. He is elected and selected by us. You have no right to say such things.
Adhir's abusive language used in Parliament proves & Confirm that days Nehru & Gandhi Congress are over & its now Italian Congress.
And blamed everyone else for his mistakes too but at least he had a sense of humour.
This is what two stupid fucks look like..bumass crackheads all over for some little bud. VG4L very gay life is what I see. dick riding bitch
China and other non democratic countries would be laughing at us. \n\nMatter of shame.\n\nTime we elected leaders and not RUFFIANS.
It is an insult to the constitution N democracy of the nation.
, \n \n
Parliment is the temple of Indian democracy and no unparliamentary words should be used. Moreover it shows the character of the person using it.
Your Conservative and DUP colleagues voted not to leave three times.
E Jean Carrol is not needed to smear President Trump. He can do that all by himself. By the way, she should get some assistance. TL
The stinking drain is only a symbol of the place where the Congi family finds itself in. The abuse was born out of desperation and rage, and is no reflection on the PM who is an exemplary leader.
Except for a reversal on position of DACA, except Trump's properties are among the employers taking advantage of illegal immigrants, except Trump lowered the number of refugees the US will accept. But, yeah, pretty much the same.
Hindi toh samaj aati h ye toh natak hai
LS is not meant to abuse our highest Executive body nd wasting money nd precious time of Parliament, where number of issues of common ppl get unnoticed!\nIt seems that there is challenge to opposition to become opposition indeed!
Again Congress started abusing PM from day . So pathetic and tragic. Matilaal, JawaharlalN, IndiraG, all were character-corrupt, and now IndiraG is MaGanga! And Mr Modi is Gandi Naali ! Even bastards never speak this language. Hate these parliamentarians.
Someone please remind that he's an MP, rather than a street brawl specialist from Didi-land. He starts on a wrong foot with his today
Shame on Congress for using filthy language. Congress deserves anhilation from Indian political scene.
People of .. To what level do we want to stoop to? This highly objectionable as time and again we have seen any tom dick harry hurling abuses at our H'nble PM as again resurfaces STOP IT!
\nCongress mind set is well reflected after the real buggering defeat. Anger, Frustration, Dead End.\nIt is similar to the Anger of King Dirudhirashtra father of Duryodan in Mahabharat after the war when his entire sons including Duruyodna were killed by Bhim.
Some of these abusive politicians are responsible for fanning hatred & incite atrocities across India. They are part of the problem & not a solution. People of the country have rightly rejected them. They cause immense harm to the society.
....The wonderful Iranian people are suffering, and for no reason at all. Their leadership spends all of its money on Terror, and little on anything else. The U.S. has not forgotten Irans use of IEDs & EFPs (bombs), which killed Americans, and wounded many more...
The leader might be new but the mindset of the Gandhis doesn't change....Mr. Adhir has let down Bengalis today
dating moms taking young dick video asian doctor chubby chinese pussy angela sora fuck lesbian
\nFilthy party has filthy mindset, congress has shown its true colour after the abusive utterance its MP, congress all set to become single digit strength party in next election.
Mexico has done more to secure our border in days than Democrats in Congress have in YEARS. The time to put Americans first is now, we must act to fix the crisis on the border!
Basically Congress and it's allies do not like Hindus and PM represents as a Hindu which they absolutely reject. Entire Congress and it's supporters should be thrown out of this country. \n
really shameful to use these words in parliament, again Modi, congi seats
Opposition is a shame to the country...
cong shown their true colour in parliament by abusing PM
| The issue is of entitlement. They have been abusing Modi from the very start. For them Indira is India and India is Indira: Dr. Sambit Patra- National Spokesperson, BJP
Are you crazy?
E. Jean Carroll responds to Trump saying she's 'not his type'\n\n
you can see how frustrated the losers are. Pathan, chopra, srivastav, bhamla are gandi naalis.That's why people didn't vote for them.
Have you contacted your Members of Congress today? They work for us (well, they’re supposed to). Hold them accountable.
So why is being silenced by his carers if he has such a wonderful plan?
What is going on..... How can we trust Johnson
Why are Pakistan team allowed for Namaz In Ground, And we hope rules will be rules for all teams. Hashim Amla is allowed where he wont wear logo on his tshirt . Hyprocrisy by we are with dhoni
cadet's rape conviction reversal outrages victim advocates - West Point cadet's rape conviction reversal outrages victim advocates
I’m thinking he can’t make it on the outside and wants to go bck to the can, looks like he will be successful
Why is this creature even alive??
Don't give up Guys Whole Indian Medical Fraternity is with U Until Unconditional Apology &amp; Arrest Action on Jihadis under CrPC-302 who Assaulted Resident Doctors Don't Call Off Strike which now hv bcome National Movement KeepItUp
Has Sold Out America To The Fricking Enemy Russian Commie Soviet 'REDS' 'NOW' Nuff Said ! .
You wish.
CRICKET FANS WAITED LONG YEARS FOR SEEING THE RAIN IN ENGLAND ..ICC RUINED THIS YEAR'S WORLD CUP
OJ Simpson will pay for what he did for killing his ex wife. Even though this happened in , he knows what he did wrong to this day and will pay for it.
There's a separate set of rules for ICC events. A Test match is not an ICC event, a World Cup is. P.S. I'm in favour of , even if it means India have to pull out of CWC.
One doctor in coma ,another lost his vision ,petrol bombs &amp; acid bottles hurled at doctor hostels, rape threats by religious fanatic groups to female doctors and police taking no action coz CM is against the doctors .Why the is so helpless ?
It’s another week - let’s do the poll again. Do you love him and believe in , or think ?
These stunning photos shows the dual-identities of LGBTQ military veterans
Boris make a last minute appearance on Channel debate
Thank you Honourable ji. Getting supported by nation matters a lot for every person in the country.And you always support every good thing as parents do.Thanks for supporting it shows that the team is Best .
how about ur buddy Barack ...ur ok with him right ... He knew what was transpiring.....go investigate him pal
Keep it moving
And after that modi will be distribute cr scholarship to minority ji we should demand to for
Corrected typo and reposting Kindly retweet,follow for more cartoons everyday Thank you for pointing the typo !
Ocasio-Cortez says Dems are 'sitting on our hands' on impeachment
Irony is,teachers (who make us doctor) who taught us at the Time of neet-ug. Have not a sec to support doctors
How can ICC organise a world cup in such weather. Its highly unfair to teams and biased on part of ICC.
Zero Law &amp; Order in Bengal No in Doctors aren't safe Teachers aren't safe Oppositions aren't safe Electoral Officer aren't safe No in Solution? .......
Ultimatums can work both ways ma'am.
Paid actors
Yeah he is
What a cool idea! Fuck Trump
I thought about that today, too. John McCain was a true patriot. Happy , America!
Meet the 'Dimmer' twins!!
“As a TMC supporter, I am deeply ashamed” - Kolkata Mayor's daughter Shabba Hakim slams Mamata Banerjee for her inaction and silence over protection of doctors Good to see a Doctor placing her own fraternity above petty politics
NASA administrator says ‘nothing has changed’ after Trump’s tweet about the Moon and Mars
Because he thinks he is the president’s lawyer and not the AG for the American People.
Top Dems best Trump in hypothetical matchups in new poll
Boris can’t even debate with Conservative colleagues how will he cope against EU Delegates.
A baby was died too in the so call
The and himself don't care if they break laws like the Hatch law.
Another racist Southern Senator, , gets down on her knees to kiss your traitorist butt. This isn't news. It's been happening for over two years. All of them will have to answer to the American people.
IMA meeting with striking docs remains inconclusive
So from next match onwards other country’s players will wear military and police logo of their country and then cricket will be a great war without balls and bats... Totally disgusting
is trending at nd
I hope u are not ashamed of brutal assault on kolkata Doctors. I don't see any placcards today!
can see badge but doesn't see the ground was not covered. Most developed Country in and call as the national sports Yet can't do anything for the biggest tournament. Learn something from
Where Are Akhtars Shabana Naseeruddin and Gangs? ेंगॉलके_डरे_हुए_मुसलमान or IslamicTerrorists Of supporting , Brutally attacking Doctors with helping killers
Lmao its cool just saying my piece
Ummm...getting even???
Kindly don't befool doctors by writing letters to CMs. It is a futile eyewash exercise. Immediately pass ordinance to protect medical staff. must go on indefinite strike in the entire country till an ordinance is passed.
!!! He killed people!
This is a US led behind the scenes so they can create a war with Iran. Following up on Bush’s war with Iraq for no reason.
Embassies worldwide are defying Trump &amp; flying the Pride flag without permission
Intel &amp; Pentagon doesn’t fu€king trust our so-called president. How far America has fallen since /2016 since we elected an ENEMY OF THE PEOPLE to sit in our highest office.
More than govt doctors tendered resignation in West Bengal in accord with their striking junior colleagues. Mass resignation were reported from NRS, Rd Kar, School of tropical Medicine and elsewhere.
Didt he do well
I have wonderful doctors, who have gone beyond the call of duty to support me during difficult times.
how do we correct this lie from ??? It is highly irresponsible &amp; defamatory!
How do you feel about Henry Cejudo telling you to kick rocks In his interview.
- See, We just focused on Gloves only!
Kolkata - SSKM Hospital. Death of a nine-month-old girl from Behala because of alleged medical negligence triggered an altercation between police / hospital and the deceased's family and neighbours.
and for !
Happy ! Also,
This is why we need
A Real Leader ....
Trusted again? That implies you were trusted in the first place
Dear Let it's not hurting any religious beliefs nor promoting any political party. should stand by and support him.
This is Dubai's government. Where the -year-old girl was raped, After just minutes of rape, the punishment of death was given. We want something like this about case.
can't come fast enough.
How wrong...we shud wear the pride of our country?? Attention seeker uncle
Nothing much has changed at the since August , when went on strike demanding security at workplace. They are still assaulted now and then by patients’ relatives, who go scot free
I support my fellow colleagues.
you guys ruined the enjoyment of See the Kolkata in a normal match and you guys are organising a world level event and see your preparation
Don’t the take references?
I’m guessing your youngest child won’t get a look in today. You’re too busy eating hamberderers, watching TV and tweeting in bed pre heading out to “play” golf.
This is for both and . Don't know how to organize a global event. And call themselves as progressive...
Must
lacs are doing against to the
a used tampon %, trump %.
Surely the great buffoon thinks that he's above everyone else and has already been anointed by the Tories?
Do you know ? The strongly flavored Saffron is deep Red in color
Sick and tired of hearing about this fucking asshole too.
Cricket in Rainy season was really a Great idea
Libtards call saffron wid mission to make India Hindu state? As soon as they get ℅ muslim vote smells winning formula n India is back to normal. means takes ovr congress culture of appeasement! Secularism is sick again!
of a congressmen humiliated by
.: It’s not just about compensation of money but, the image of the game is at stake. The delays &amp; washouts has knocked the momentum out of the world cup and sadly turned one of the most awaited events into a damp squib
‘Pose’ star Indya Moore attacked outside studio by a deranged Trump supporter
Avlon: This is what the Founding Fathers warned against
Batch on someone's gloves is not harmful or disrespectful for ICC world cup but poor umpiring is. So focus on real matters than making controversy of someone's gloves.
The secret behind the game.
This is not ok. At mos. I was still BF my kids. This not pro-life.
I agree! England Cricket Board were just too clever to not bribe ICC to fix their beloved team's matches on occasions where the forecast is good in order to get a safe entry into the Semi-finals. But, don't be too happy because weather factor won't save you in semis.
On this , that is the worst traitor in American history. You're not crazy, it's just .
Of course is a fucking bigot from a former person from Indiana go fuck yourself Mike Pence you are as big of a piece of shit as
But what's the fault of the innocent familles who came for the treatment. They didn't beaten up anyone. They just seeking for the treatment of their problems. i am medical student too and I'm not against this movement but i think that's not the proper way.
Waah. Creating fuss when there is none. I wonder if anyone was playing at the same time when 'this' was happening on the playground. Had they not prayed on the field I wonder what excuse would have been used to compare with the
Let's get trending?
No one cares how much you despise a free and independent press, . The crafted an independent press via the A, so any and all governing authority would be questioned. Notice how they made it Number One.
What is the purpose of your life, stealing oxygen, and complaining when some poor person dies.
Watch this clip from , where Boris Johnson shows he simply doesn't have the temperament (let alone maturity) to be next PM of this country
is not a
As an owner of a small family farm, let me be the first to say .
Aren't we overdoing this sense of Pride, Nationalism bit on . There are clear rules about logos etc. it's important to follow the rules rather than flex muscles. We are playing the world cup not doing a military ops.
You sad, old man!
Milkha Singh never ran in his army vest. And he was more than ‘honorary’
There is % chance of rain tomorrow...I think ICC should take a wild decision n move this match, only this match to a venue where there is no rain. A humble request from Indians
ये धोनी इंडिया के लिए खेलता है या के लिए ? , it's a nonsense hastag run by India , these players are puppet of , unfortunately I too participated in this hastag .
Didi came n threatened us n we strike back with mass resignation..now u urself come n treat the patients..
Not here. Not ever.
Where's Wally!?
please at least plan future matches by considering weather...
Privileged white boy writes about men’s rights sugarcoating it as fight for freedom and enlightenment! it’s all about men and their fetish.
If IAS officers do not work can anybody from public dare to enter his office and attack him? Then why doctors are made vulnerable to physical attacks? must bring law to protect medical staff.
must add one more chart on points table-play in rain. . You guys are more concerned about gloves or Michael Holding's commentary on umpires.
Wow. At least he's paying SOMEBODY!
SAY NO
Pretty much sums up your party’s broken ideology.
If calling for the death penalty for the makes you wish was then remember she knowingly got a off in : I had him take a polygraph, which he passed, which forever destroyed my faith in polygraphs. [laughs]
HAPPY JOHN MC CAIN DAY!
Dear ICC,This Is The World Cup Not A Gully Cricket,Please Focus On The Issues Like Poor Umpiring &amp; Sledging Of Players.,Instead Of Dhoni To Remove His Gloves With A Sign Of “BALIDAAN” Which Is The Motto Of Indian Para Forces
So now it is reversed.....good ... TMC is now inching closer to death. Courtesy is the DECISIVE act to Throw her from Bengal.JAI SRI RAM!!!JAI....JAI....SRI RAM.
One more save Our take tough action make strict rules.
Why does it not rain when England is playing? I'm telling you... They're controlling the rain with cloud computing. Hi tech fixing is going on under the nose of ICC.
staged this act to blame SO they could start a , TRUMP Gives Saudia Arabia secret technology/large $$$, after all his RELATIONSHIP with them is better than his love for America. SonIsAMarine
This is for all you new mom's out there
Left illiberals and ecosystem journos as always trying to skirt the issue about the murderous attack on a doctor in Kolkata and trying to make it a doctors' integrity and trust issue. There are two questions that need to be answered.
Leaving it up to the judgement of one person in a powerful position is foolishness that has pervaded the last few years and must stop. We should be in the streets making the next step an inevitability.
There's no lost in translation when this speaks!!!
Thats right out of the David James Eert Opinion book that, God I hope your a gambler. When it turns out you know shag all about cricket I think we can confidently say you don't know what you're on about regarding other subjects as well.
Al Bagdadi Of Bengal supporting IslamicTerrorists, Brutally attacking Doctors ेंगॉलके_डरे_हुए_मुसलमान helping killers
By wearing the over his gloves has shown his love &amp; respect for the forces. should understand that this is not related to any political/religious/racial activities This is about our
ok but do you know who/what they were looking for?
Can not be presidential harassment when you are the so-called 'president'. Try again, traitor.
Retweet this to give a big fuck you for his birthday.
Not only is it the law, it’s the Right Thing To Do.
Who should do investigation for ? Th scam in Karnataka . More than victims due to poor governance by State Govt.
Rain disturbed the game because god of rain is angry on ...... As ban's sign on gloves of
It is too very unnatural on seeing the arrogant nature of and the organising sector of . How can ICC defend itself by not allowing reserve days for all matches. Dear You must change your nature.
against demanding .
Next Up: Food banks now accepting online deliveries
This is what your country will soon look like if you EVER let in-in any way‼️Finance/joint ventures/land ownership/infrastructure or G‼️Yes they own HK but we got complacent while Britain had it’s year lease-this is no longer the we knew!🇨🇳
An intern at was brutally assaulted following the death of terminally ill patient. It is deeply disheartening to see society's perspective towards our life saviours.We stand with &amp; condemn attacks on all doctors.
We support .Balidan badge is pride of India. But cricket is commercial.let us see.
we are proud of u mahi bhai. First improve ur umpairing
We want to see this in every match. You are the proud of country.🇮🇳 🇮🇳
'The push from the shires to ´just get on with it´ is deeply dangerous, not only for Britain but for this island.' and nor should anyone willing to risk economic disaster for both UK &amp; Ireland, or threat to the GFA.
Good riddance. Next up, putting you in jail.
The craft of acting and lying? Are you good at both?
Even Trumperrhoids are agahst at Prezter the Molester's admission that he would cooperate with a foreign government to influence American elections EXCLUSIVE: Trump says he would listen if foreigners offered dirt on opponents
Melania is Trump's whore. Trump is a fucking disgrace.
There's a translation included. (For those as clueless as me.)
Still waiting to hear what agreement we made with Mexico to stop illegal immigration. hasn’t provided us any details. got played. His own party was against him.
This REALLY is right on Target!
R u out of ur senses west bengal ? We are protesting and you are still hurting?
Donnie.....you’re just saying that because he was mean to you! He let the Baby Trump blimp fly! He let thousands of protesters line the streets of London!! YOU....Donnie are the disgrace!!
- “MY job first, MY party second, MY country third” -
should be ashamed of it's negligence. It has people's money and time. should apologize of its mismanagement.
Irregularities by doctors, are they unheard of ? Haven't we heard of unauthorized practice by docs? Public discipline is in disarray in India, in all walks - then why is being so hyped out . Dear Docs, plz leave the dharnas for Delhi govt, and go back to work.
Best sports can be played in england....After watching Is.....
Is today’s rising a product of Iceland’s racist past?
Also in , and (of a fellow ) curses gods and calls for mass and .
What a mother fucking MAROON!!!!
Hey cooking something new? That's paribaha mukherjee in pic!
Doctors united despite threats of violence. Says NO to CM's offer of closed door negotiations.
And why don't you take stand on hinduphobia
BUGGER OFF.
Hmmm... 'Consultative'
🦝 Habitual Line Stepper. Sith Lord. | ️‍-ally | he/him | ️ | NYU &amp; UHouston Alum
Well done Love forever.. Keep it up.
IMA ponzi scam: directors arrested, over ,000 complaints filed
We Indians always find a great way to go crazy when ever we are targeted
registers enormous wicket-keeping world record in South Africa match on wednesday. Read more here:
Who will make first ?
HAMMER FIT Pro Smart Fitness Tracker Rs.3199 (mrp-5999)
and Fuck Republican enablers.
Ummm...they are criminals?
Actually it’s not. Hope you have the iest Father’s Day EVER!!
Dhoni responds to ICC on GLOVES controversy
Doctors studded almost half of thire life just become a worthy of that WHITE COAT &amp; they have invested a lot of money and time for that. They too have life, they too have families, they are also a human being. They just want respect and safety.
You are one sick fuck
Ur not being fair to the Man Baby!
But, Good News.. If you are a your money is still here.. 🤙
I don't think so Dr. Shab , she deserved of your reply. Because her thought is pathetic//full of communalism /negativity/totally madness. Better would be 'ignore' , in current scenario, Not single person who are taking her seriously.
Keep talking Donald. via
You have no respect for the law, and we have no respect for you.
Dear Next time choose Shri Atal Bihari Vajpayee Ekana Cricket Stadium, Lucknow And let me remind you when govt can well organized , it is just a match 🤷 it's a
and do not forget
Hey what are you doing about the poor management of grounds? Please do something otherwise people will start losing interest in
Caleb Fairley isn't just a jerk, he's human garbage who murdered Lisa Marie Manderach and her infant daughter in . He is currently incarcerated at State Correctional Institution – Fayette in LaBelle, Pennsylvania.
Makes sense to me.
Those who voted him in are just as disgusting as he is. Shame!!!
is synonymous with If you associate socially with THE Sackler family, you are as well.
InfoWars and others spread lies on migrants bringing Ebola to US, officials confirm they're lying
That tweet is GOLDEN coming from you ... What kind of FATHER gets his DAUGHTER'S friend PREGNANT not once but twice &amp; then because of YOU, that LITTLE GIRL commits suicide? Yep you're right...WE ARE better than that! Happy Fathers day
Shouldn't you be out pretending to be a war hero?
is a world class player and a role model for me, as far as tomorrow's game is concerned I feel we will see him donning the camouflaged gloves, because no power in the world can stop him from showing luv fr hs country and the
U.S. court rules against in immigrant teen abortion case
How low can u fall in ur hate for BJP? You are even willing to condone the murder of hindus in Bengal....have some shame. is a
shut down this event, you cannot handle it efficiently. Call instead and they will teach you how to organize big events with easiest way.
America needs a new president.
With due regards to doctors who are currently crying for their own safety....it's a known fact that doctors tend to b highhanded at times in govt. teaching hospitals. They shd understand that they r not gods and r here to serve humanity.
Its totally low class performances by Icc.bells doesn't removed,Raining,gloves matter, , , ,
Guy is such a his man card should be revoked
Some day you will be able to use the program yourself if you not in for life!
I'm looking forward to seeing the Secret Service escorting you out of the White House. Then, I'll look forward to seeing the Feds escort you out of your home in handcuffs.
If you want to see the most important person that will help save America from the trump regime, put down your phone and look into a mirror...
The staff can't get its lies right once again.
if you want a system of fair and reciprocal trade.
Look at him...enjoying life...He robbed people of theirs and couldn’t care less...
now if you have some time in between watching Dhoni's glows .. look at this suspicious activity also.
'Mini-Trump across the Channel': EU media on Boris Johnson as British PM by
Everyone have rights &amp; Moral Duty to Show Respect For his Country's &amp; . For Nation So Today All of India Says
Fuck and this health care shit. These motherfuckas raping us with this shit. . Got nobody else to blame 🤷‍️
Misspelled 'getting evicted from medieval monastery you can't afford'
here in the UK there is no publicity, no buzz , no news about the cricket and definitely no TV coverage highlights at midnight! Uk should never be allowed to host again. Selling a national event to Rupert Murdoch's Sky!!
China is guilty of ethnic cleansing. The world is silent, whilst people are being killed. Shame on all humankind. You care more about plastic bags than humans. Shame.
. Why does NOT Pay his bills? Because: is a grifter is a mobster &amp; MUST Be must B sent
Gordon Bennet, who would want a selfie with Ramsey
Happy birthday . My dog made this for you. Don't eat it all in one sitting.
: Doctors at the Northern Railway Central Hospital observe strike over violence against doctors at NRS Medical College and Hospital in Kolkata, West Bengal.
Hey . Benedict Arnold called. He says thanks for taking the heat off him.
under this new administration has been toothless. Whats the point of holding all the power ? ICC feared d previous regimes of BCCI, not so much anymre. Srinivasan wud hv ensured dat ICC bows to 's demand.
There is only ONE enemy of the state: YOU
If tomorrow the match washes out due to rain and mismanagement, than we are definitely gonna boycott the complete world cup. Your horrible bookings, unprofessionalism and mismanagement has ruined the
. wanted to use , but Melanie prefers Yugos. As Mrs. Faustroll just said: “I knew Jackie Kennedy &amp; the is no Jackie Kennedy.” BTW, if Melanie prefers to be referred to with the impersonal pronoun “it,” why not call her ?
Brexit Boris Johnson
Pic : Indian grounds Pic : other grounds Are mad for choosing England for the venue of you may consider the climate there
And you're still a
China, Russia, North Korea style propaganda videos! Thank you commandant Trump!
Trump’s Lawyers Say Congress Can’t Subpoena His Finances Because Nancy Pelosi Refuses to Impeach
I’d be a twat and reply back like an old English teach and correct all of their grammar
Judge rules Navy SEAL murder trial will proceed - The San Diego Union-Tribune
This is For You
why the hell fixed the schedules without confirming the weather forecast?? Alteast give the players some scuba gears to rectify your mess..
Proved that icc is biased to England
Alabama banned abortion for rape victims. It's also protecting rapists' parental rights. - The Washington Post- Now a is considered a good, responsible in according to their - !
Some of you out there aren't old enough to remember this travesty. A total miscarriage of justice. Not everyone you follow is worthy, least of all a .
Little Carlos is calling for violence, that’s acceptable. Why doesn’t the pound wimp do it himself? He’s so fragile.
I think at least half of these presidential candidates need to give it up. Never even heard of some of them, why waste your money
Agree. By The hand of . 🤣🤣
These kind of tweets and logics are result of watching Kapil Sharma’s show. That’s all.
again accuses , a crime that can not occur unless we are engaged in a declared war! There currently is not any way to charge anyone with treason and has not been since .
—— hitched himself to the of lies today. Chris will get an education as he’s dragged through the mud. Sad! ——-
and of course .....
It has always rained in England during chmpions trophy and other major tournaments. Such poor scheduling of cwc , no reserve day , poor ground conditions, poor preparations.
Is God a Tory? Waiting to be anointed.
the country is already united ... against . philandering, womanising, misogynist, bully of small children, con artist, racist and poundshop-trump becoming our Prime Minister Tnx
That’s a real Christian attitude you have.
So what? Watch cricket and Jai shree ram
Hey Three words. 'Prince of WHALES...'
This Insignia belongs to World oldest special forces It’s shows bravery and sacrifices made by those brave soldiers. Respecting and remembering them is not crime represented entire Special forces community by using those gloves
Hey, find other means than China. We will boycott your products as well.
Narcissists don’t need to elain themselves, you should be able to know exactly what they are communicating at all times because it is THAT important.
He's not hugging the flag, he's hiding behind it. This picture disgusts me in ways I can't even eress. I don't like to call any US President a pig, but this one emphatically is...
Ken Clarke doing his best impression of Michael Palin after being soaked in brandy for thirty years
We have fought many battles in our life. We have saved many people. Sacrificed many things for the people who bitch about us on our back and never stood and will stand with us. But we know what we are capable of. And we will.....
If any other country handles the way ICC handles they will them up for poor preparation
You fool . Blocked!
Of course not!!
see India vs pak is also gone..... Fuck off Worst World Cup series...
Happy
Facts are Facts.
Indian Fans Angry On ICC After Another World Cup Washout, Even Amitabh Bachchan Joined Them via
TIMEWEAR Blue Dial Brown Strap Watch Rs.229
Of all Boris Johnson’s appearances on TV, tonight was definitely my favourite.
Your opinion is so very worthy, please can we have more.
You cheated to win this election and that is your legacy! There were always be an asterisk* by your name. *Cheated with Putin to win the election!
Unlike all other presidents in the modern era, Trump has concealed his finances from the American people &amp; refused to divest himself from his worldwide business interests, making himself (and therefore the nation) vulnerable to bribery &amp; blackmail.
your opinion piece is a joke...just like you.
puts golf before country!
Trump: I never took any help from Russia. ...And I'd absolutely do it again.
Shame on you .The effort you kept on Dhoni gloves, Just keep % from it on your world cup schedule which is getting washed away.
I would bet That Trump has a welcome mate to all foreign powers who have information on the democratic party the oval office doorway.
Is there anywhere I can escape this shite?
Their blood is on YOUR hands! You are as guilty for their murder as those that held the knife and gun!
Happy , Treasonous, weak .
So you’re going to “hold people accountable”? You realize you’re no longer anything but a punchline, right?
Now we can confirm the true crisis at the border now that Canada has won the finals?
We need fast trial of each and every Rape Case No matter Accused is Muslim or Hindu Death Penalty for Rape Crime
Men's Unisex Anti Trump AF T-Shirt in Extended Sizes - Small up to x
Its not a club level cricket it's big event which comes ones in four years. Really frustrating badly.
Ancestor behaviour you are NOT proud of .... Charles Peace ..... can’t choose your fam
for not keeping reserve days. Looks like Ind vs Pak will get washed out. Get ready for the massive rage.
There’s NO justification for assault on Doctors. ▪️We need transparent medical negligence protocols. So the public can be assured of action in genuine cases. ▪️Sensitisation of Doctors &amp; public in general on how to handle such emotionally charged situations.
..don't know why it is focusing on a point which has no effect in the game play of world cup by leaving who are changing the chances of winnings of teams with their wrong decisions...work on topics which need to be improved rather than our msd...
why so silent? who will punish for their incompetency,poor management and lack of vision and responsibility????🤔 plzz tag members??
Shame on poor poor onfield umpiring. How can you appoint so dissappointing and illeterate umpires like you.
Under no circumstances shud u take these insignias off ur gloves.
ICC means (islamic cricket council) Pakistan team ?? Shame you icc love you mahi
Trump is a
Logo on the Dhoni's gloves does not fall in the allowed categories as per the ICC's rule book. So get rid of the logo and get on with it. I am Dhoni's huge fan but if something is not allowed, get over it.
Real Michael Gove or fake Michael Gove, what do you think?
LMAO! Gross. What a trainwreck. Gay
You know nothing about geopolitics, so kindly refrain from talking about it. Actually, kindly refrain from talking, period.
Where are you? Why isn't this case with CBI yet? We don't want your SIT. We know they will not do the job. Please transfer case to CBI. What are you afraid of?
we want justice
before calling him immature just think about yourself.. you were banned for matches by ICC for your inappropriate behaviour.... is the pride of our crore hearts ......
Double
hahaha I pity on your country where called as national sport of the country for we Indians cricket is not just a sports lts a other religion.
Benny the Butcher... Sony Hall
Got evidence of that brah?? Beyond your delusion? Like paper trail? Nah? Alright so your lying then
Why are you on my feed?
World design Changed..
...and they’re gonna vote for a man who is so arrogant as to not even show up for a debate, who thinks he’s so much better than everyone else but who is actually unfit for the job
You could make a drinking game every time Hannah jumps up on one of the bachelor's and wraps her legs around him.
Writes A Hard-Hitting Message To Mamata Banerjee On
isn't supposed to wear those gloves tomorrow but K.L. Rahul and Dinesh Karthik can.. just saying
Yawn. Sorry Can't dumb down the issue further. Try reading to improve your grasp about issues . Or continue defending whichever political masters you lick. We will stand by and India
If u all guys show the same dare to the and than could be . But as usual they show their strength to a poor driver who work hard to earn. What to say more when rakshak is bhakshak.
helped by a gang of people including TMZ
You're LYING to America and HIDING legislation from debate and votes! If you believe in your 'Senate Majority' then bring the bills to the floor! If you're on the right side of the issue you'll win. If not then GTFO.
- Are you sure, you are credible enough to conduct cricket world cup? Stop just staring and pointing out at attire of cricketers
Can't understand how stupid one can be where he can't let go his arrogance and ego for the whole fukin state...
Well, well, well--the first domino has fallen. See: Former White House aide Hicks agrees to testify to House panel investigating Trump
Come Yashwant you believe to Put country up and above Money, NEVER gona happen
Misbah doing pushups on ground is nothing for ICC.but MS badge is under scanner woww.. If meaning of bias was something it should be ICC
Why didn’t doctors protest for or or when MCD hospital doctors protested for their due salaries? Why? I do believe in safe working atmosphere for doctors. Is it happening because of West Bengal politics ?.
Wish I could be around to read the history books. I'm certain that this motherfucker will be known as the worst TRAITOR this country has ever seen. &amp; history will eventually ee all of their crimes. They're all criminal thugs.
Our country is divided as it never has been before (humm, wonder who is responsible for that?) and all you Repubs can worry about is a piece of clothe? Why don't you BAN use of Confederate &amp; Nazi flags? This is ALL distraction.
Who is “Trump?”
The very rare two faced, A.B. de Pfeffel Johnson cat ..
Dear patients, U are worth saving, but you are definitely not worth dying for. Sincerely, Your doctor.
people, we have to stop this fake activist troll from ruining our movement.
If at all wants to raise Outsiders issue, 'Outsiders' In West Bengal are illegal Bangladeshis &amp; Rohingyas who are fraudulently given citizenship credentials &amp; these people needs to be kicked out &amp; not Doctors.
Treo by Milton Giara Bottle Silica Glass ml Pc (in colors) Rs.336
Wow! Look at all the lines of buyers!!! Was the store closed or is that just the typical turnout??
Meanwhile UNpresident dumb fuck is still sitting in his office chillin.
Everybody said when was elected the first time, America had now become a 'post-racial' country. That's a good one. Best laugh of the day for sure. Ugh.
There is no poll that says don't impeach, unless it is only inside your head.
We shall call it the Gala and celibrate for hours, from to Friday, with huge parades from sea to shining sea.
This is the alleged rapist who attempted to a Doctor who was working night shift at Pelonomi Hospital in Bloemfontein this week, the said Doctor then fought back and bit the off of the attempted .
I might be grasping at straws here but he might be advocating seditious behavior by way of a wink and a nod in a tweet.
So did you start this so when you get out of prison, if you ever do. You'll get help to immerse yourself back into society?
Plz support our savior... Request from AIIMS DELHI ....
Congratulations Michael Phelps for winning Cricket World Cup ()
Bitch please he has/had no compassion for the Central Park this shit is a stunt. Not saying her intentions isn't pure Trump shit is not. I need her to ask him about them babies in cages.
Personally, I do not like Trump's persona, but I don't throw the baby out with the bath water. He is much better for the than the is EVIL personified; she and her husband should be in PRISON!
Chuch Schumer =
America is now a country that should be policed by the UN. Our President is one of the most corrupt in the world, our state dept are war mongers, our congress people are self serving do nothings, our government is a joke. Help! Oh and
They are right!
Prince of Walls??
Dear diary... You ARE the enemy of the people.
| Mamata Banerjee repeats 'outsiders' claim over doctors' protest in Kolkata, even as doctors from across India stand together demanding assurance of their safety. Tune in to watch her address here -
IMPEACH NOW!!
Too many DUIs have addled your brain. If you can still read, try a snippet of the Mueller report. There are nothing false except yours and Trump’s denials. It’s all Russians all the time.
Picture from future...
This sounds like a brilliant idea!!!! We need someone to take this and run...lawyers. bet, millions of people would kick in a few bucks. Brilliant.
fuck both of you. If I say he’s in a fucking medical, he’s in a fucking medical. I work hard for this shit, don’t come at me with that criticism shit, you want beef we can sort this out properly still
Now mamata didi cancels her meeting with the striking doctors. Shows het immaturity. She dreams of becoming the leader of India, but she is no statesman. She had egoistical mind, acts childish and behaves as a tyrant.
Tjer a whole doctor that can't even burn a book. No fuck man. Mmabtho should've went to Durban naye
Severos Vellark. Crane doctor who was supposed to be the personal doctor to Rena Kalil but said fuck that and opened a free clinic in the slums. Constantly exhaustd. Saved Mikata's life at one point, and they're fwbs. Aromantic.
Doctor: Maam.... Ive run every test possible and there is no sign of declining mental capacity.\nMe: then why the fuck cant I leave his ass alone when I know he dont want me?!!
You are worried about Jahil? They wanted to remove police for minutes to wipe out Hindus. I am saying let's do it, we will see who gets wiped out.
no one could have predicted that the evil fucker who created a fake charity and used it to steal money raised for children with cancer would be the same evil fucker who is now denying sick and imprisoned migrant babies access to doctors and medicine or even soap, for fuck's sake
This unknown Congi leader is a cheap charlie who should be kicked out of the Lok Sakha for calling our PM in that gutter language. Wonder how people elect this kind of low thinking person as their Rep.
Congress has taken Indian polity to a new low. Its shameful that this party has such irresponsible leaders who hardly respects the democratic institutions.
\nAsim Bhamla within minutes found an excuse for calling Modiji as Gandi Naali ka Kida when he dared to say he don't know Hindi ? To what an extent these Guns will continue their Fancy Dress in the name of Politician in the Temple of Democracy ?
The damning allegations against that he sexually assaulted women could jeopardized his re-election campaign. Im no stranger to accountability but has crossed the line on and its going to stop ! \n\n
this shows the mindset, even after such drubbing, it's unfortunate that they haven't learnt any lesson. again Modi, Parliament Speaker has got right to dismiss this man r suspend at least two sessions. (Up to winter session)
And she looks exactly his type...
Waris live in India like a Indian human and not hide behind that Muslim garb. Do your people want to insult the highest political institutions of India because you are Muslims and then cry foul. Shut up you non identical stupid.
One cannot eect a decent civilised behaviour from a degenerated and decomposed and abusive political existence of Congress Party which is in its threshold of extinction.
Yay, the clown is going to wreck the country. What was his slogan again? fuck business wasn\'t it? Great phrase that.\n\nAm sure he\'s going to make a \'titanic success\' of Brehit.\n\nAfter all, Tories seem to not have much in the brain department these days.
Abusing elected PM is nothing less than abusing entire Indians. These MPs should be debarred from parliament
Another Sham of a debate where the barking ones out number the other side!! Senseless debate as ususl!! This show is becoming a comedy!!
Another Congressmen Adhir R Choudhary in race to influence Gandhi family by Abusing Modi , Its well known fact Sonia Gandhis Hate for PM Modi & Amit Shah, which has developed into Congress Culture, its still not in corrective mode but self destructive
I Told My Girlfriend To Embrace Her Mistake And She Hug Me. I Think She Didn't Understand What I mean O ......\n\nWarriz Going, For Fuck Sake
Mollas are khokla desh bhakts
Oh, do fuck off! What have you done for the last years other than trash the UK economy (then dress it up as some kind of success story), drain the NHS, education and Local Authorities of resources, and line the pockets of your wealthy friends? \nYour whole party is a disgrace!
. Aise sansad ki sadasyata khatam kar denge chaiye taki Sab Ko sabak mil jaaye Congress har ke baad pagal ho gayi hai
They don't have to go to the camps.\n\nThey are volunteering when they choose to illegally enter.\n\nI know I am right, Border patrol doesn't abduct people from other countries.\n\nIf walls didn't work, there wouldn't be so many working right now & you wouldn't care if they were built.
Race of abusing PM NaMo will accelerate to appease muslims.Listen to Pathan pushing his party as only for muslims & owasis as new Jinnah.All are disturbe due to talak bill as it is not a sharia law.
The ppl who have dirtied Ma Ganga over d years deliberately r today abusing just coz he has taken it upon himself clean up d mess. , how long your neech behavior? Get real
- Abuse is the last resort of scoundrels and in this case - electorally defeated scoundrels.
ji \n \n \n
We got the approval from the doctor, so our Wembley concert with Jungkookie is a go! He announced, making everyone, even Jimin, gasp. \n\nHe was allowed to go?! Taehyung exclaimed, jumping up and down.\n\nMhm. Yoongi nods. He\'s coming with us.\n\nFUCK YES. Namjoon yelled
Ppl keep telling me that I cant be a politician bc I have a vile mouth (not that Ive EVER said I wanted to be one). If Boris Johnson can use overtly racist language and still run for PM, Im sure I could be a politician despite saying fuck and suck ur mum to racists
Toddlers can just walk out the door of detention camps and be free, but Republicans cant tear themselves away from Trump?
enough is enough. Stop taking in asylum seakers in southern border. Repel them. Do not release them or detain them. Put some damn troops with guns down there and tell them nobody passes. Also, why the hell haven't you sent an atty from the DOJ to supreme court..
Congress will never learn. If the commander is like that what eect from the soldiers rahul gandhi is destroying parliament dignity.
We've seen the first ladies tits more the has told the truth. Which, yeah isn't hard to do when can't tell what's true af this point.
Who voted for a no-deal? Tell me, who the fuck voted for a no deal? The way I see it, the referendum was a corrupt vote between remain and leave. Not remain, leave, deal, no deal. Nobody voted for no deal!!
Sing Along Brethren Some Have Dickbuh canno Fuck, Some Can Fuck Buh Have NoDick We Have Dick And We Can Fuck Glory Be To Jah Ameeennn\n\nRT If You Remember This Song
Ah, silence in the library, doctor who plot to fuck up your kids
I feel Cong people are bent upon finishing their party. Why they don't understand that by abusing Modi, they loose public sympathy and votes.
| One of the most violently bigoted and abusive party people hail from your Party, I can rattle out examples after examples: Anand Ranganathan, Scientist & Author\n
Cant believe I once thought and were the most useless politicians of all time.
A PM is the king of the nation. In olden days if any person equivalent to an MP would have uttered the same abuse thrown at Modi today in king's durbar , his head would have rolled down on the ground. The word uttered is to that proportion. Pack and leave India.\n
fuck off imagine being years old and thinking you know better than a literal doctor shut up
I am a modi bhakt.. but from -2019 nothing done for encephalitis in bihar.. thats really really disappointing. This all progress work and Yoga day are ok.. but we cant be silent on such severe failure of govt.
i told my doctor i cant sleep and he said have sex ???? come over and fuck me yourself you coward
\nThere must be Stringent Punishment for these kind of Gandi Naale ke MPs & the Movement he uttered those words he was supposed to be suspended for life time from participating in any of the Elections in future apart from facing procecution.
Nation is not going to tolerate the insult of the PM.
A hearty fuck you to this ALL DAY sweep notice, targeting an individual unhoused resident in Chinatown. \n\nThis is so cruel, forcing someone to choose between guarding objects they need to survive (tents, medication) and going anywhere (work, doctor\'s appt).\n\n
By using Congress has scooped to Naali level
dont forget your comb, not only for your toupee, but also for your pubic hair, you bloody\nTerrible Rat Urinating on Moral & Politics (a la )\nFuck you and just go away, thank you
?\n \n \n
Are these the one that we elected for their LEADERSHIP QUALITIES OR GOONDA like traits.
She's furthering her agenda. THERE IS NO COMMUNAL HUE TO ANY OF IT. All of us are doctors here, trying to do our jobs, irrespective of religion (honestly, fuck religion), gender, sexuality et cetera. (/3)
Fuck this noise
....Irans very ignorant and insulting statement, put out today, only shows that they do not understand reality. Any attack by Iran on anything American will be met with great and overwhelming force. In some areas, overwhelming will mean obliteration. No more John Kerry & Obama!
GN Azad, in RS: I request you to keep the New India to yourself & give us our Old India where there was love, culture. Hindus used to feel the pain when Muslims & Dalits used to get hurt. When something used to get into eyes of Hindus, Muslims & Dalits used to shed tears for them
In many ways, thank fuck Rory Stewart is out. At least it means we can hate the Tories properly without being a bit confused that there's likeable one that's a cross between Doctor Who and Dobby the house elf.
congress, AIMIM and all the Muslim leaders have still not understood the verdict of this country. Hell bent on hitting the last nail in the cofin. By doing all these they are making Modi even stronger and one day all these shit party and people will be history.
| Where an MP says that he will cut the throat of Muslims, then everyone is silent on that: Waris Pathan- MLA, AIMIM & Advocate
Man Buys New House, Then His Gut Tells Him To Dig In His Backyard!
Arnob, u r doing a great job to showcase some of the very genuine bastards in your prime show,
This ride operator has seen some shit.
Abhi Ranjan Choudhari ,calls Narendra Modi, as Gandi Naali . These People are frustrated after Modi is elected second time. Indians are happy &proud of Bharatiya Janata Party &Narendra Modi. We can easily tell truth about Congress traitors. No dignity for Rahul.
Omg, you are the WORST PERSON EVER IN AMERICAS WHITEHOUSE EVER!
these stinking A$$h[ display their frustration as modiji makes his way towards .. people of India are watching
MCU man babies believe Keanu Reeves was DESPERATE to play Doctor Strange, Silver Surfer or Yon-Rogg in Captain Marvel, but now Feige will ALLOW him into The Eternals \n\nThey are pissed he was Constantine for DC & he knew fuck all about Marvel comics when Shillider asked him?
Those responsible for these issues must be prosecuted, including tRump, Pence, McConnell, and all others! Lock the Up with overcrowding, filthy, lice infected, no food water, heat, personal items, and bedding, etc.
Too many doctors on my fucking Facebook fuck off
How many more abuses and apologies ???? Action needs to be taken against such people
By abusing the people elected PM, the opposition has insulted the people of this country.\n
Me when Im at the doctor lying about my drug and alcohol consumption
\nAdvir ranjan ch is from madrasa banerjees waste bengal, mc mps in house, rabul gandhi is just like my ass hole, dripping shit
Tweet others the way you want to be tweeted!
Have you ever been to one of those parties where you feel like the odd one out? Cant quite put my finger on why that happened today.
spycam lesbians kazakhstan dating sites cum grannies doctors oral sex pussy fuck ass fucked girl getting fucked clips nipples sex phat ass fucked fuck housewife girls have real sex sex stories real nipples cock
Trump literally begging Iran to come to table b/c military isnt backing him - he is lying to Amer ppl again. No allies backing trump Not only has Xi on his side for tarrifs but Iran too Stupid to think going to happen & will give trump biggest loss of his life
- Adhir Choudhry should know that canal in Bengali is 'kaandor' and naali is 'noddoma' in Birbhum Bengali. Stop fooling people.
Adheer Chowdhuri jo kahan wo unko nehi kahena chahiye but children died hone ke baad bhi BJP Mangal Panday ki against koi action kiun nehi liya??!!
His team can keep him away from the media, but was always going to manage to fuck things up. Those who are blaming the neighbours for Bojo attacking his girlfriend, REALLY, Tory MPs in a matter of days attacking women and somehow it's ok. Both Not fit for office.
Why does Boris Johnson have to talk about his personal life? If he doesnt want to he doesnt have to. Couldnt give a flying fuck anyway but people saying its a public interest need to get a life.
. What role did you play in Vote leave breaking the law?\n2. Why did you carry on lying about the bus?\n3. Why do you think you are fit for any office?\n4. Why don't you seek help to quit lying?\n5. What did you chat to Steve Bannon about?\n6. Why did you say fuck business?
As a Muslim;\n\nMy food is my Business\nMy Dress is my Business \nMy Faith is my Business \nMy Marriage is my Business \nMy Prayer is my Business\n\nI don't POKE in your Business. So don't POKE in my Business. Thank you!
\n \nOnce again Congress goon MP Adhir Ranjan Chaudhary has insulted PM Modi.\n\nEven after losing & Elections, Congress has not learnt from thr mistakes.\n\n
The world doesn't gave saved by Trump. It gets saved when we remove our support for the Gov. \n
Trump names new chief White House liar, dissembler and cover-upper.
why the FUCK isn't Gemma Chan playing Doctor Who yet
If you & ur other congressi brothers & sisters dont know how spk in Hindi then spk in the language u know,there r translators there.\nFact is all of u r insulting PM ji on instructions of Gandhis to please them. Shameful! \n
Mr u have made a big mistake by calling the Prime Minister of India . People of India will not Forgive you.\nShame on you !!\n \n
GanDI title suits this GanDHI dynasty of self glorifying worthless Desh Drohi Looters. What is Italian Dalal Sonia Half baked Indian Rahul, Indira is Ganga of BLOOD the blood Sucking Vamp of Emergency. Rajiv was a true Mass Murderer blood Sucker of .
Highly shameful, for everything, and for all wrong doings still there are idiots coming to debate still maintaining their stand. Are you really humans. I won't be surprised to know that you will be Cannibals. \n
Sir please look into Bihar children too.... the need your attention very much. Remember that that Children's family also done vote in your favour...
I have an idea. Everytime Rubio or Walker tweet a bible verse reply eith a verse from Revelation. For example some about isn't the address of a trump or Kushner property?\nAlso lots of verses could be used for the G7.
.The way Congress received drubbing in recently concluded hustings ,Congimen are unable to digest this and they are now resorted to use of abuses and gaali galoch against PM Modi non other than opp. Leader Adhir Ranjan Choudhari which shows how mean they are.
Arnab BJP ko itna support mat karo!!jo Party tumhare channel ko Banned karne ki baat kiya tha!!Sambit Patra when children died in Bihar then what were you doing?!
Crazy politics of Cong has vanished its element of cultural ethics.
I don't think you really know the meaning of anti and bigot.
| I don't think anyone will sympathise with the comment he has made, every time Congress has made these statements, BJP has been at an advantage: Asif Bhamla, Political Commentator & President- Bhamla Foundation
This couple are separated by thousands of miles, on hunger strike, their daughter separated from her mum whilst she starves in jail. Why? Because Boris Johnson fucked up.\n\nThats one family. His ambition? To fuck an entire nation.
hey you supporters of Gandi Naali abuser say that person does not know Hindi. Was he intending to speak in Italian language which is not a language in Indian Parliament. The same abuse should apply to those who shower it.
Dear PM,\n\nWe voted you for development of poor people but you all are spending too much on Yoga but not in water, education and fever that is in Bihar right now.Dear PM,We voted you for development of poor people but you all are spending too much on Yoga but not in water, education and fever that is in Bihar right now.
The Terrorist , Waris Pathan is batting well with Abuse, verbal Terrorism at
If you think people will vote for you after using such filthy language for the PM,you are highly mistaken
children are dying in bihar but who cares Yoga and Mp dinner is Important
HOW THE FUCK CAN BABIES SIT IN WIERD WAYS LIKE THIS WITHOUT BREAKING THEIR WHOLE SHITS!?!
How will he defend us from him....resign
just fuck off. The country fucking hates you.
T - Just look at the efficacy of the Hindi language\n(In English)\nI am sorry, I cant hear you properly, can u please repeat what is the matter?\n(In Hindi)\n\n.............\n\n~ EF Vb\n
Congress should not forget that Modi is the Pm of India and he Definitely deserves respect. Congress should immediately apologize for this low standard comment.
ASHAMED to see these unscrupulous, uncouth, illiterate, selfish politicians ABUSE every INDIAN by reflecting POORLY on the elected PM of the Largest Democracy
Why the fuck are California legislators consulting actresses like Jessica Biel about vaccines when they should be listening to doctors!
A long fucking time ago! the lying orange idiot
do you know you have invited a rapist, his name is paresh naik,he works in your Mumbai office, check my tweets for his threats.
They were all sleeping when Dr. Kafeel Khan was being persecuted at the hands of Yogi Adityanath. Now Mamta is not even the perpetrator, but an enforcer of law and order, but she is being targeted as if she is the main accused.
I just had a delicious salad.
Naw, we're good. Stay where you're at. ┌∏┐ (•˽•)┌∏┐
Non Bengalis are outsiders. Muslims are at soft corner of heart. A tainted police offical is one for whom she sits on Dharna but will not go to NRS to calm down situation. Life of patients is nothing in front of her ego and vote bank.
You’re a straight up sociopath with a twitter acct.
The thing is there will be some Herbert who will think this is a good idea and bloody do it. Jo Brand is classed as an alternative comedian, I always though alternative meant different to, so she is different to a comedian, meaning she isnt fucking funny
It's likely that almost all the matches including will be effected or washed out for the next two weeks.
don’t mess with India
We need laws that protect us at work. We don't want to work at gunpoint, under political intimidation or burdened with unreasonable moral obligations.
and you also only saw Dhoni’s gloves and not his respect for the game. Shame on you
Why are you worried about the numbers? You have your friend Putin standing by to help you steal another election.
So, is still a crime, right? So, if a gets , does a bank robber get to keep the money?
let's hope rest of matches might play on time
Lmfao look really is a
And of course they placed Hillary at the top of the list.
It hasn’t ended‼️‼️‼️ Support to finally put an end to the torture &amp; murder of 🇨🇳 &amp; do it NOW‼️
Where’s Boris
Dear we need match even if rains will happen. Football or hockey or swimming depending on effective rain.
The next belongs in a institution so this transformation is needed in Britain.
-parrots 'I've been very clear' -doubles down on -pitches party survival priority -Brexit by NoDeal exit his strategy Boringly flat regurgitated 'red, white &amp; blue Brexit' that 'we're going to make a success of'
There isn't just ONE Enemy of the people, Jim. It takes a village...
Just curiosity...for science... :3
Everyone waited for years to see the England Rains , what a proud moment
Once again our great has proved played his card of dictatorship. Firstly now , PM is making good use of to knock out players in his opposition.
Its ALWAYS for me...
Doctors are god, they are lifeline.. Caption it please..
I mean FAUX KING
In other words, “I’m a pathological liar who couldn’t tell the truth if his life(or office or freedom) depended on it.”
Reading between the lines, I can only assume is being extremely careful due to the possibility Dem House Members in red states voting for impeachment could flip those seats in and give the House back to . Nothing else makes sense
I wonder what wonderful eeriences await him in prison.
The hypocrisy. The audacity. The stone-faced liar that is our President. For Pride Month, Trump has nothing to be proud of, activists say
No words from prime minister Home minister we demand justice for kolkata doctors.
Probably first time in the world cup , we are witnessing more ODD number than EVEN number in the points table World Cup
How eagerly we wait for match but this rain ruin it
Will it be worse than killing children? Worse than selling your country to the Russians? Worse than saying you love a ruthless dictator? Probably not.
Man of the match:
Don’t feel sorry for this woman.
ಇಂದಿನ ಇತಿಹಾಸ History Today ಫೆಬ್ರುವರಿ ಂದಿನಇತಿಹಾಸ ೆಬ್ರುವರಿ12 MS Dhoni King of Clay WWE Super ShowDown Saudi Arabia Insignia
These fucking guys. They are despicable. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN by keeping the white guys' portraits on money, where they belong!
Oh look....
Followed and blocked
If a doctor start assaulting people I can guarantee u guys no one will be saved bcz no one knows how to save a life better then us , but we believe in saving life's as it's our duty above all other things.
it's totally wrong to blame the world is done with all team concern and every team deserves the host. so guys be patience It is sad but no one can beat the nature nothing to shame just support it.
Bengal healthcare in coma as over doctors quit!
India will defeat Pakistan by a margin of:
Boris Johnson negotiations with EU, will go will, he just won't turn up.
...and no condom, judging by the number of kids he has apparently randomly fathered
Opinion: Conway is only one part of Trump's big problem
Man i am % sure this trend is from Indian fans. Chill guys even is bored of so much cricket, just like any other fan. Over do is always boring and that's what happening to cricket.
Happy John McCain day friends.
Awesome. KELLYANNE is the leaker. More tweets from George Conway on how is an idiot.
Being an Lieutenant Colonel there is nothing wrong in having that on his gloves
shop: Trump Nin Covfefe and the Crook President T-Shirt
ICC rejects BCCI's appeal to allow Dhoni's insignia gloves Click here to view more :
urges 's proactiveness to prevent washouts in
Please go through this.. Don't misunderstand.. Doctors too want solution and healthy discussion but in OPEN FORUM!! Is that too much to ask for???
Only cares about the spotlight. The other cares about America.
piece of shit. How the hell are you still alive ?
You will never be .
Imagine your dying with cancer or with a fatal accident and there is no to treat you because medical aspirants stopped choosing this profession as you attack them unnecessarily!
in a as in d build up to d match on th. We take strong objection to it pls do something don't eect anything from we saw d issue left us red-faced
I met Jackie O, and that Slovenian hooker ( ) is no Jackie O.
Never forget....
THIS JUST IN:: IT TOOK A INTERNATIONAL TEAM TO DETHRONE THE WARRIORS ONLY CLEVELAND COULD DEFEAT GSW DURING THE YR RUN
Trump holds his thumb between his fingers, insist he’s “got our nose” refuses to show us otherwise. seriously, sincerely,
It should serve as a warning.
Candle light silent protest in MYSORE, by Mysore Medical College &amp; Research Institute (MMCRI) in support to NRSMCH assault on doctors...
&amp; JUST break it up a LITTLE... TOO
By wearing the over his gloves has shown his love &amp; respect for the forces. should understand that this is not related to any political/religious/racial activities This is about our
Who was the attorney for family against , ?
This is what happens in this world today and it’s so fucked up this was all so uncalled for. So for this I say once again....
Dhoni we are with you
Omg ! It's great idea , after that everything will be okay
Hey MadBum, that ball almost landed in Hayward, don’t get mad at Muncy...
iBELL IBL E240 BT Channel Multimedia Speakers Rs.1920 (mrp-2730)
| Doctors' strike reaches Supreme Court: Plea filed over safety and security of doctors seeking security at government hospitals and action against assaulters of Kolkata doctor
No surprise there Cricket Board () chairman Ehsan Mani has confirmed that he lodged a complaint with the ICC about India wicketkeeper-batsman MS Dhoni having the Indian army’s insignia on his keeping gloves.
Article from July - yes, he does like a laugh, but only at others´ eense.
indvspak Sunday match eppadiyum postponed than...
So I didn’t watch the debate last night. They’re Tories - for me the best I can hope for is the least worst. Just PLEASE don’t inflict on Britain
Racists? Yes. Shocked? No. Yes it leaves me cold but under the Trump regime nothing shocks or surprises me anymore. I truly with my entire being wish it did. 🤬
Amazing! Now we see why his attorneys didn’t want him speaking to Mueller in person. is far too dumb to stick to a script. He just can’t help himself.
Support for trans people is growing in spite of Trump’s nonstop assault on civil rights
THIS ⬇️
Why is the Prime minister and Defence minister of India are very silent in this firing issue..Is the CM of the state a God than the citizens of India.Doctors are real living Gods..if the nation does not stand with them..no use how you polticians would save us.
No,No,No Mitch you stay right there. is a joke!
this years i think Rain will be top on chart and we can see it on FINALE also..🤣🤣🤣🤣
Who will win today's match ? INDIANS SHOW YOUR POWER🇮🇳 AUSTRALIANS SHOW YOUR POWER 🇦🇺 You both have hrs to show your team power.
And is so WEAK he couldn’t even serve. Is such a baby that he had to hide behind Daddy’s skirts because he was .
I seriously feel has gone mad ans lost mental balance. I never seen any CM in my whole life who goes to protest site and threaten protestors. Never ever in my life.
''This is not India vs Pakistan This is IND-PAK VS RAIN
Fear of losing is in your always lost against mighty in , , and much more! आज िंदुस्थान ने दिखाया ाप हमेशा बाप होता है!!
china recently tripled it's soybean purchases from Russia..i'm sure you are right about Brazil and South America as well..It's not coming Back!!
The doctors of India(WB) are not asking something out of the world. Safety, it's a basic right of an individual. Moreover, our doctors are renowned all over the world. So what message are you sending?? We stand with our saviours in the hour of need.
Think twice ~ then think again!!!!
This is the worst piece of shit I have read this day on the West Bengal Doctors issue. Apparently these doctors are behaving like doctors in Auschwitz. 🤬
Hey everybody I just released a new single entitled “For The People” if you could take a few minutes out of your day and give it a listen and share it if you like it I would greatly greatly appreciate it
It would be irresponsible for Tory MPs to opt for , perhaps more irresponsible than holding a % threshold referendum. For the Country’s and Party’s sake pls go for ! (It wouldn’t just be Eton vs Eton, but Eton/Balliol vs Eton/Balliol.)
Trump: Mars is part of the moon. Say what now?
I make myself laugh as I sit here scrolling through insta watching women doing exercises, looking for inspiration for the gym... whilst eating a full tub of Cadbury’s cornflake cluster bites!
community WTF is that of y’all on code with that shzt!
Assuming god exists then (it) knows the person suffering most and the person suffering least and as a leader of this messed up world (it ) solves the problem should Dhoni keep the army logo.
Question isn't if thinks his rabid minority wants him longer than terms. Question is what would he do? Encourage the peaceful transition of power USA is famous for or incite riots &amp; treason by ignoring the ?
Dear learn something from India how to Cover whole ground and how to manage during rain
Retweet for
Happy birthday .. our last real ...
India generates so much revenue for the ICC and yet they comply when Pak asks them to degrade their army soldier. India should boycott this world cup to keep the respect of their army!!!
Twitter’s top policy exec said there’s “no doubt” that some social media content contributes to radicalization
So someone doesn't accept your lies. Suck it up, Bone Spurs, the office of president isn't about you; it's about the integrity, ethics, responsibity, and humanity of the USA.
years ago today the worst president the USA has ever had was born. So in celebration, today and going forward. We no longer take 'dump'. Its now 'I need to take a Trump'
Opression will never be the answer Pharmacists and doctors spirit lasts for ever
Quack Quack Quack Blablabla Boohoohoo
He's appalled at the reaction of the people to his measures, not the measures themselves.
Icc and england cricket destroying big world cricket. England doesn't Deserve host the world cup.
Dear doctors, The respect you get is NOTHING in front of the hardwork and sacrifices you put in to get that degree. STOP POLITICIZING THIS PROFESSION . IT HAS NOTHING TO DO WITH POLITICS ,IT'S HUMANITY Act like humans
This crypt keeper needs to go. Why ain’t he dead yet!
The 's has done a good wider follow up about missing foreign following on from my recent scoop about wanted Hektor Mahmutaj absconding before he was extradited from the :
LOL - I was by a for stating that it is sad to see he has .. Oh well, hope I am safe.
Poor little you. Show us where the bigly yuuge mean newspaper hurt you.
Stop violence against doctors!
Why will the tournament be any longer with reserve days? What a lame excuse . You simply plan the next day as reserve day and there could be two matches some days during the tournament.
Great..... Well done .....Thanks for water entertainment.......
The are traitors.
Electing as their leader will damn in the eyes of sensible voters It shows their utter desperation It will be proof that Tories as a political party care nothing for honesty truth or basic morality
FALSE FLAG ANYONE? Trump is creating fake reasons to go to war to distract from his legal troubles. CLASSIC REPUBLICAN HORSESHIT . . . .
Brian Adcock on Tory MPs voting for a new leader - political cartoon gallery in London
'Hong Kong Canadian activists in Vancouver are vowing to keep up their pressure on their homeland’s government after it voted to suspend — but not toss out — a proposed extradition bill.'
Agree and he is not President...he didn't win popular vote and conspired with a foreign power to get the electoral college.
Hairdresser: 'Lets do a patch test for you to see if you can dye your hair.' *applies test behind my ear* 'Leave it for hours.' Me: hours later.. *rubs ear by accident and removes whole patch*
I have no doubt my mental well being has been affected by what my country is turning into. It makes me sick. I had no idea how many stupid, racist evil people live in this country.
If we’re behind him, it’s because we’re preparing to fuck him up the ass with the full force and power of the United States Constitution.
This is how ICC see ms dhoni gloves But not as Thanos
Kore DM-PVC Combo (1-5 Kg) Home Gym Dumbbells &amp; Fitness Kit Rs.579 (mrp-1880)
U R a JOKE! U REPUBLICANS HAVE LOST UR BALLS FOLLOWING THIS ! DO UR FUCKING JOB!
Next Extensive Waste Country, Humra bhi hu sakta hai. Its already in top list.
Do you remember in your speech you said is not about election. It's about freeing India of Congress mentality of caste, religion, etc But you're carrying on with the congress mentality Sir. You're further strengthening the communial mentality.
doctors have quit in Bengal. . Bsdk when are you planing to speak on this?
He was clearly talking about the vending machine after he bought a packet of chipsticks.
ICC - International Cricket Council Code Of Conduct says Religious , Political Activity / Symbolism not allowed in International Cricket match then what is the Pakistan's team doing here !!!
Trump campaign to implode on Sunday night when airs interview! No doubt they saved the most damaging and shocking elements for Sunday!
Lookin more like a sit down lunch in the home of a nuclear family!
the winner of the popular vote by over m. Without your Russian conspiracy, she would have her rightful place in the White House. You are . You lost.
I agree with you Dollar.
What a load of bull shit
Ah Nigel. Seem you really do represent the lgbt values well. . Not once but twice.
wrong place for only rain and you can see the badge on but you can't see that the country who calls ceicket national game dont have covers to cover whole ground
way too bad event management and planning ! The cricket fans across the entire world waited for and matches out of matches so far have been washed out in rains.
So far, matches have been dusty by rain Why do not understand before making your biggest event? While 's gloves look so much!
so do you types believe it when your precious Fox News says it?
Everyone, please... There's no reason to bother . He's just trying to LIVE like everybody else. ️️
continues to try sooooo hard to remain relevant. is the only one who cares
a very very well organized World Cup by incredible ICC.
How can they be so Naive to not check the weather condition &amp; choose Location accordingly before fixing the Tournament. People do this even before fixing Marriage Date.
Lyin' Ted has been on Pluto the last few days.
That was ... This is and butter paid by . Thank God he didn't carry the speeches on to .
OBAGE HT-301 Home Theater Speaker System with Bluetooth Rs.3599 (mrp-6000)
traitor. can do better. Let’s start with finding candidates that aren’t traitors.
ICC: We are sorry to Tell all The Cricket Fans that there shall not be any cricket to be played on th at Manchester due to Rain. But we are looking to Remove Insignia Badges and Other Things which players wear But sorry no Correct Venue
Let ICC quote the price,will pay.
How can we do our duty if our lives are under threat. All we want is just a safe work environment and rigorous punishment to those who do violence against doctors.
Or Norway.
Here are the rules If : Game: He looses % of his match fee Games: He looses % of his match fee games or more: He looses % of his match fee Dhoni is a Millionaire he can afford to loose some peanuts for the pride of the country.
This day should be used to celebrate a man with honor not a traitor to our country. June th is plz tweet n keep retweeting these 's to keep them trending all day n his bday
If you Chant Jai Shri Ram, you will be arrested. If you support BJP, you will be killed. If you make cartoon, you will be arrested. If you fight for your rights, you will be stoned. This is not Pakistan but West Bengal.
Get lost, butcher.
No big surprise! I wouldn’t eect anything less! !
''This is not India vs Pakistan This is IND-PAK VS RAIN'
Double standard Shame on you
Your subject matter doesn't matter . Bye Bye dickhead
Rainbow flag at US embassy Rome
At least Warren has a plan and isn't a traitor.
circles the OANN drain
Hilarious 🤣 🤣 &amp; true
People from other Indian states are outsiders to . But Bangladeshis are more dear to her than even the insiders.
announcing Joe's new book about tr*mp SO focused on how he worked so hard to highlight tr*mp's personally 'engaging' and 'likable' side?? Yeah, and I heard Jeffrey Dahmer was pretty 'engaging' and 'charismatic' in person, too. SMFH
It is not against any rule of .... It is a symbol of dedication of a man for his country....
see ur terrorist public (Awaam). That's why u r most neglected passport in the world. Don't trust paki, terrorism is in their blood and DNA.
Your profile discriprion is superb by heart, in contrast you are comfortable with the attack on doctors plus your soul is with so you are more worried about getting grounds in .
Dear You should have reserve days for WC matches. It's a WC match not u'r regular dy matches. It comes after year. So u should be more vigilant while choosing venues. You should apologise from every cricket fans for this mess.
, will be over when I attend on July st, but I'm going to proudly wear my t-shirt! (still available on !) I wonder if will let me bring my mug into the ?
Does a bear shit in the woods?
will always be superior to you, . No contest, really.
Lot of fans waited to see how it rains...Instead of spotting mistakes in gloves...Show some intrest in maintenance also...
Someone is trying reeeeally hard to get the job. Lol
You never do justice...
GOD has some 'getting even' to do with you too.
How Trump's 'fake news' rhetoric has gotten out of control
holy wtf, batman?!?
Trump’s corruption, hate rhetoric and CRIMINAL actions are eroding our democracy!! What POTUS invites foreign adversaries to influence our elections?!!!
So wants to PM the man who sold nearly everyone the dream has done nothing good for working class people wants to give the rich a tax break while thousands are suffering and he cannot be bothered to do interviews another Elton boy
Once an alternative trade route network has been build under Red Chinese control, PRC will not depend on the historical network and can then attack it to harm those who do.
How do those US numbers compare to when Trump wasn't in charge? How do the London numbers compare to when Khan wasn't in charge? I'll wait...
Imagine being suckered in by a sociopathic, narcissistic, cheesy game show host and failed businessman.
The unfinished task of continues
Wonderful article in ⁦⁩ about the new edition of my The and the
watch england weather report of sunday in star sports network...
I think you are a
Good one.
All cricket board announced their official jersey for upcoming matches.
Oh it's a girl? Congrats. Wait! It's a boy?!?!?!!?! That's AMAZING!!! You guys are so lucky!!!!!! The father must be so proud!!!
They're going to quickly throw her ass in a retirement home and be done with her as soon as they get the chance.
She's lying like you've trained her to.
Our hero! . . Create problem, . Fix problem he caused, . Declare victory.
Offering namaz on field is not a bigg issue but Wearing glove containing Army logo ( non political non religious not harming anyone’s sentiments ) is objectable for icc !
So, ’s home state would have all the underage girls potentially impregnated by this pastor forced to give birth to his children next year? Damn, ! Even I threw up in my mouth a little! Mitch is pro-, pro- and pro-. Nice. 🤢
already said 'clearly' he would
What's going on??? What's the use of playing in ICC,All the matches would be declared from rains. I think this the best world cup ever. They would have planned well or else it wouldn't happen.
Another horrible decision by the umpire. Umpiring has been off the worst quality this . Why the fuck a team suffer because of a human error?
years ago today this bastard had handcuffs on &amp; was where he needs to be; JAIL!! To join Twitter around the anniversary of the butchering of people he killed (he was found GUILTY in civil suit) is sick
Do a favour to cricket lovers all over the world shift the remaining matches to India..BCCI can still successfully conduct this world cup
Hey what’s wrong in having Country's Army's Sacrifice Symbol on gloves ? Don’t stoop so low!
I am sure it will be a big show, that's all you have to offer America, a big show!
Donald and the Delusion Discount
Wow. What a perfect summary of this administration.
Ma'am, the status of women safety under you're rule have become worse. Are really the roads have become safe from demon.They are now attacking on the soul of humanity it's high time to step up.
Happy
£9.95 from Amazon - Born into privilege and with scant regard for others, only himself, this book truly is an eye-opener. This is an important book. It needs to be widely read so if you buy it pass it on to friends and get them to pass it on.
How come not forcing Ruling govt for CBI investigation? SIT and CID means just washing hands. Victims will not get justice best example is
so we wait years just to see the rain in England.
US embassies defy . administration orders not to fly flags for .
No education institutions should support any employees that support ! To support a rapist subconsciously send a message that rape is okay! To support a man that rape women puts the safety of students at risk. It says women are nothing but some man release toilet!
Lets cut the crap, Dems didn't pay for the Dossier, they paid GPS Fusion, an established AMERICAN oppo research firm, who found the Dossier who them turned in into the FBI
Bernie Sanders
's CALL for , Costing her CHAIR ? ON PROWL !
Kellen Winslow Jr.
They should stop asking questions and just begin hurling eletives at him.
This thing is no . Dream on Fat Boy.
Heyy please get the tattoo of our balidan badge: the badge of honour.
People who document evidence of violent extremism are being shut down in Youtube's crackdown on violent extremism
Trump was not enerated. Referred to Congress for further investigation. I like president's who don't accept foreign influence in American elections.
Being ETHICAL is the ability to do the RIGHT thing, even when NO ONE is watching, even when doing the WRONG THING may be LEGAL!
World cup turning out to be raincup while giving us a world cup where we get to see every drama related to the sport except a good cricket match
Doctors wearing black badge protest at MGM Medical College and Hospital in Jamshedpur for issue
Projection.
you are trying to stage a war by blowing up a ship,blaming Iran, real Americans see this. your personal financial ties with to get you $$ while U betray America is ur agenda! your a mom
Predicting the future... WC semi final... D/W ball runs...
- ICC is earning billions from this event, but could have managed the event in much better way and could win
There is more to life than golf
You are quite the
SHAME ON YOU you &amp; your little crooked Lying are destroying America must go yes it's he is an American Hero trump is not!
Repost erniecartright .
Trump that sounds like you are you mirroring?
this is not a world cup just like a RainCUP.....icc plz take strong action Worldcup is big tournament of world not boitrial series plz take strong action
Trump says he never colluded with Russia but that if the opportunity came up to collude with, let’s say, Norway, then yes...he’d probably collude. And that the FBI Director is wrong about that being illegal conspiracy. Yeah. Brilliant.
Happy John McCain Day!
cold blooded killer
make you cleanse me
Good that has realised its folly. It now wants to elain whether gloves were carrying any kind of political message. Hopefully shashank manohar will give up his stand.
He's a coward for ignoring this too, yet nobody in the media or political sector seems to want to call him out on it.
has joined Twitter and here he is with his old pal Stabby and Grabby. let’s hope this is his undoing.
Let’s bombard him with it.
Dear It's not only symbol. There are emotions attached with it,
Chii Chii.... Waiting for years for such a grand tournament and see the condition... Shame on you ICC, from next time focus on the venue instead of wicketkeeper's gloves
What a
Bad roads. Accident. Patient dies in hospital. Let's hit the doctor Bad food items. Food poisoning. Patient dies in hospital. Let's hit the doctor Never hit corrupt babus Strange mentality....
Dear instead of concentrating on what is on MSD's gloves, pls look towards remedies for poor umpiring in the tournament, He is just showing his patriotism
A cricket lover never wants to saw this on big screen. Four matches are abandoned due to rain and almost every team is affected by this. Please choose a better country for the next time to host this prestigious tournament
Still was busy in Doing Politics over 's out of Four years has to conduct Matches but Is Centered towards You should go to hell. Incompetent is on high level such a
WTF?!! WILL NEVER AND I REPEAT NEVER, have the CLASS that Jackie O. had! This type of statement is utterly ridiculous and quite frankly disgusting SMH.
Thanks MSD...Now the entire world knows about 'Balidan Insignia'
| Do you support the protests of doctors seeking safety in hospitals?
Donald Trump wins elections because of help from foreign adversaries openly helping him, nice try sweetie. Don’t ever dare calling yourself a patriot while supporting a traitor.
He is already starting this talk. We need to act now before we have no choice!
It's rd class organization for world's biggest cup , sad to see helplessness of icc on this cruisal matter, must learn from India about ground management and organizing such bigger tournament
presidential candidates must debate environmental policy .
Your vision and BoJos are seemingly poles apart! He is not One Nation, he’s dangerous and not bothered about anything or anyone except . Have you sold out for a promise you can keep your job?
Happy John McCain Day! cc:
This
LMAO what a , no scandal because the Government is so corrupt.. no-one will hold them accountable
Did he call for to bring out the ?
You won't be available after , you'll be busy in court and then in prison for the rest of your miserable little life.
I love her - sad to think what we missed out on..
Icc Want Not any Asian Team come in Semi Final. Not any Single match of England effected by rain.
I love it, But I'll never trust 'the polls' ever again.
Here is a prime example of the we see, like . The folks on this flight helped a get more days at her Majesty's eense | |
Govt of India &amp; sud act strictly n treat . supporter as . supporter as .Hate/Rumor spreader supporter n haters either be Politician like or or or else
Who gets the 🦆( Can't find emoj)iof the week award? Me, of course..for agreeing to do show next Wed when I'm not even here. Sorry Smith for messing you about. We'll sort out another date, if you haven't lost patience already.
So his “joke” about her committing treason was referring to her sex strike; or did I misunderstand? Because that’s kind of gross Then he had the gall to insult her acting too?
Killer Robert shulman A Headless corpse with its legs severed was discovered at the Brooklyn recycling plant
Mahendra Singh Dhoni's love for the Nation, Armed Forces and Soldiers has been intact which is truly commendable. He is Nation's Hero. No one represents our Country better than him. I stand with
Where the hell was Indian Medical Association, when more than children died due to lack of Oxygen in Gorakhpur in just hours
ALL the way... to the
Nature and urban. Dancing together like in harmony. I think we ALL just learned something. Didn’t we. From not just nature. Not just urban. But from... the dance
. Holy SH*T!!! Gotta agree with BOTH you patriots on that ! I’m just gonna leave this here...⤵️⤵️🤣🤣
Madam why you never spoke about &amp; ,Today you talk about bz they financed PFI?Sachin naik and his team financed election funding for ?
Literally, blood was shed. In the end no money was raised for charity, but the Kennedy assassination was solved.
Mamata didi thinks herself as a 'Mastaans' n hd been bulldozing every institutions,which comes her way.She feels tat jst bcos she is a CM, she cn do anything she wants n cn use her power ruthlessly stop any dissenting voice. It's shameful didi
Imagine a world in which isn't the biggest scumbag in it. Go ahead and try. It's impossible. One day these men will have justice. One day America will have justice.
The University of Alabama Will Return $21.5 Million After the Donor Denounced the State’s Abortion Law
He should be tarred and feathered! No more for me.
Trump Sides With North Korea Against the CIA
Happy !!
Hard pass on anything you’d recommend. But I did order this one:
Then arrest , , &amp; your sister . , ,
Exclusive: This likes our Maybe they can get adjoining cells.
to amend laws to bring more insiders like and into medical education and send outsider Indians out ! losing control over
Have you read the Mueller Report? You can randomly pick a page and it's shocking how grimy he and his associates behaved.
I’m definitely feeling harassed by you at this point. So we finally agree on something!
This is patriotism.And Dhoni has the right to use it.But what icc doing is absolutely worse...I,we support Dhoni...
Did the intelligence committee find any intelligence in ? Asking for people who don't lie to congress.
ffs ... when did Brits start calling their kids 'Lance' ?! What next - 'Chip', 'Buck' or 'Forrest' ?
Trump is a and a !
Hard pass.
So you guys are finally starting to call Putin, 'God'?
TRAITORS THROUGH AND THROUGH.
And for my next roll .... say hello to ... she’s ... and well a 🤷‍️ ️
instead of focusing on Dhoni’s gloves ICC should focus on improving umpiring.
Why the FUCK did Doris mention demar lmfaooooo.
I can’t watch When They See Us again I get too damn angry and I cry every time throughout the whole series.
didn’t even win the . Thanks
Becaaauuusssse ... thinks to self *I'm lying right now*
Like Trump, Bozo Johnson responds positively to sycophantic praise.
Beat me to it.
Surely there are bigger fish to fry you bell-end?!!?
Wow, amazing you can even look in the public eye, OR your public LIE!
And you throw away millions of our tax dollars EACH DAY ! And lately to kill babies in the womb worldwide. .
I hate killed or had someone kill my mom. I swear to and I have from it. I wouldn’t just say that on or . My mom died at and was completely over heart failure and goes to and the next week she dies on the toilet.
He probably.. or should've got mashed on.
I thought you have a spine. Then you supported . And then I realised you can't have a spine, you are a Tory.
Said one con man to another
isn't only a gangster but that's why
The only serving this douchebag should be doing is a prison sentence.
Give them proper environment
Only after you apologize for being a race-baiting, brain dead BTW - Black folks were the originators of the Black Slave market in the US, so are they going to apologize to each FIRST?
Let's wait till will elain it for us 🤮🤦‍️
I’ve seen racer chases in women but this guy on your left is definitely a driver chaser.
why icc choose England.....try next time sudan
What he really means is 'Jesus would never allow &amp; ...' &amp; are PROFESSIONAL SINNERS!
This right here is another justified reason for me to say
Hi please keep wearing balidan badge gloves in next matches too, we all are in your support as we know that this is nothing against ICC rule, we all have proud on you Dhoni bhai.
This lobster is obviously smarter then pres.Trump
Damn right Mr. Fetterman! Pennsylvania is gonna be one of the deciding states that purge Trump and his Repugnant party from office! We are going to be a solid BLUE state again!
simply put, trump doesn't give a fatflyingfuck about our national security. he's oblivious to the fact that his actions, and/or lack of, have put in peril every person on the planet, all to feed his ego fantasy of being king of the world.
Everybody needs to know what's behind the front presents - do we want this man as our next Prime Minister?
While BENGAL BURNING, CM OF TMC NOT WB, went for party development meeting?? She is the murderer of democracy TOTALLY EED sheltering MUSLIM TERROR GROUPS in south Bengal to HAMMER HINDUS silent? CM is mentally sick
ji are presstitutes authorised to belittle/disrespect the Officers &amp; their armed forces under the garb of journalism?
Nonsense. Weather predictions now a days has improved such that you can predict fairly well before days. What is doing?? Sleeping or planning for some post match interviews... Shame on those supporting stupid
Biden leading Trump by in Pennsylvania Biden leading Trump by in Wisconsin Biden leading Trump by in Florida Trump leading Biden by in Texas
FAKE post from the FAKE/ILLEGITIMATE President!
This is not a GREAT president!
Today at the bank an old lady asked me to help check her balance... So I pushed her over. 🤷‍️ These are my dogs, Sophie and Maggie.
Many a time, we Indians chooseour hearts over our heads. Holding tight all that we believe in, we confidently tread beyond the realm ofrational thinking.
The best part about is that it is and not Trump Day. .
's MP Dr Santanu Sen just repeats version of the 'outsiders' !! Don't get back, continue until CM apologize publicly
Happy Birthday from your nemesis John McCain 🤥🤣 today, your age = your IQ 🤪🤣🤥🤣
Didnt you vote to repeal Sanction for Oleg Deripaska and Rusal? Doesnt Rusal process Aluminum for Nuclear Devices? Do you work for the US or Russia? Hypocrite Much?
Donald is a to The USA not so much to his family because they are all like who makes disgusting statements EVERY single day. On American or Foreign soil.
,000 (Forty Thousand) people died in America last year because of guns and Donald Dumbnuts here thinks London needs a new Mayor because of knife crime. He would do well to understand why knife crime is on the rise in the UK and strengthen gun laws in USA.
Please educate your son, it will deteriorate the chances of him becoming a .
No he's not. is not a
He should have received the death penalty as did his victim.
The effect: Reduced and tweets Familiarity breeds acceptance and understanding, and prevents the dehumanisation of people who differ in some way from ourselves
All these states legalizing Medically Assisted Suicide But won’t Legalize
fucking dumbass. He's probably never even finished a book.
Wow, you are bold.
Good riddance to this lying sack!
is not a
Because bill is so smart, he fell for one of the most known parody accounts.
not day.
Look what's trending: vs. 🇺🇸
Vijay Prashad: U.S. Rushes to Blame Iran for Tanker Attacks as Much of World Pushes for Diplomacy via
What rain gods give is slap on for sloppy schedule. I wish the show at least % of the intend on conducting that they have shown on Dhoni gloves. It is that Rain, Toss &amp; D/L would be the contenders for the Man of the series.
It’s about time. Reagan is probably rolling over in his grave over the treasonous acts of this POTUS said she was going to get thing done &amp; not go easy on this admin. What is going on? He is a danger to our security.
Some mischievous Labour whip probably promised lap dancers.
He’s trying to BE relevant.
to Leave Immediately and Begin New Job at Kremlin
Longterm solution such as pressurising central govt. to make a bill about safety of your workspaces and overall more attention to healthcare.Don't make this a fight betwn TMC&amp;bjp otherwise the crux of the protest will be lost and such incident will happen again
Of all the world leaders he consulted with, one stood above all... This summer, Little Donald Drumpf embarks on his greatest adventure...
It should be National John McCain day because !!!
Carry on doing your job this is what is wrong in the world no respect for anybody and he is in the public eye
Happy
Don't be ridiculous! He is seeking the job of leading the country &amp; should be accountable to his stakeholders. I regularly attend customer/stakeholder events &amp; am eected to be well prepared, honest &amp; transparent - or I would be sacked.
Trump doesn’t pay his bills - he never has and never will - u must sue him in court
Trump asserts executive privilege over Census documents. THIS IS TOTAL FUCKING BULLSHIT!! Are there no limits to the power of this DICTATOR?! What are the grounds for the executive privilege?
threat to world peace
'It´s a problem of trust.'
. is the Why does the . condone any candidate to accept FOREIGN INTEL in order to CHEAT? TRUMP sent a signal to all FOREIGN OPERATIVES, I am ready to spit on Ethics!
Just asking 'If Mamata Banerjee herself falls ill, who would treat her? '
writing letters to about Dhoni's gloves, writing to Holding to not be frank, but their laptops dissappear when it comes to responding to SL board - . What kind of nitwits run ?
I love hearing voice of Michael Holding One thing I love abt him he is honourable Man. Man live by dignity.
”At the end of the day they (wars) are about little girls in fiberboard coffins.” and US foreign policies. It’s all about others little girls in coffins.
is elaining the law of supply and demand pertaining to umbrellas during rainstorms? GTFO you moron.
Dear arrange a boat race championship in flooded grounds instead of n give the trophy to our captain, as no team can match our fittest n his men in any sports
You have accomplished NOTHING except TOTAL DESTRUCTION of the achievements of your Respected Predecessor which benefitted the USA. You are DEMOLISHING everything THAT MADE AMERICA GREAT. YOU REALLY ARE AN UTTER MORON.
&amp; engaging in criminal activities while the GOP Senate condones it &amp; remain silent!
Couldn’t get around so decided to just flat out take him out. Nice move there bud
I’ve already blocked There is nothing that he has to say that I want to know
I agree with malcolm nance, Pompeo and Bolton are war mongers who are looking for a distraction away from trump and his crime family.
Signed previously and YES, The WHOLE WRLD Wants This Hell, Horror and Heartbreak To End Already!!! Send Emails To
UR FAKE PRESIDENT SUPPORTS ALL OF THE ABOVE this is the evangelical cr... all lies to makes huge $$$$$
Quack Quack Quack
America WAS always great until YOU ruined it! You’re no leader! All you are is an over bloated bovine with foul breath, no honor, no principles, no integrity, no dignity and certainly no morals!
Save % on boAt Rockerz Sports Bluetooth Wireless Earphone. Click here to buy now for just ₹1,399 on , DM us the purchase screenshot &amp; get additional cashback of ₹50 exclusively from
Great Job ⁦⁩ . Too bad ⁦⁩ and ⁦⁩ didn’t work out a successful plan to keep Iran from getting nuclear weapons before they left office....wait, they did.
Could this be our new Prime Minister who will unite the country?
We proud of u We all aupport you , our country support you ,we are with you..🇮🇳🇮🇳
DO NOT FORGOT YOU WANYED BORDERS CLOSED AND ILLEGALS OUT.
Befitting reply to the section of media only looking for controversy.
Dear pls concentrate on real issues. Don't make issues.
Trump Showed Us Three Different Times in the Past Week Why He Can’t Be Trusted With Sensitive Information
Junior Doctors- we want security Mamata Banerjee- cannot be done Junior doctors- you have to apologize Mamata Banerjee-
Yes, we the people are going to stop Trump.
All the best to for another swimming competition on Sunday against .
Sir what about issue??
ICC want something fast and result some one meet yamdut
Can this turd not be impeached on mental health grounds?
Thank you.
you contribute around % of the total 's revenue. Despite this you are acting helpless. Take a stand. Be brutal when it comes to our Indian Para Forces. is our national pride. Thank you
DEMS SUCK . . . . . . . . . . . . .DEMS SUCK . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . DEMS SUCK . . . . . . . . . . . . . . DEMS SUCK . . . . . . . . . HAHA HAHA HAHA
This is several whole moods. I can relate, Matty. I can relate. …
is the place will hunt for the 'real' killer oh wait of &amp; is not not guilty
It takes years to become a surgeon and a lifetime to become a good one. Please respect us and what we do. Do not hit doctors, burn hospitals, you have the right to eress but there are better ways to do it! .
It’s my flag as well , as others across the world &amp; Madonna can keep her logo on it.
Did some top DGP / ADGP refuse to head SIT to probe ? Did police officials fear ruin of their career over probing 'political' leaders? Did Muslims get betrayed by leaders they vote? Siddaramaiah fans need a reality check.
All I know is that white Western girls don't know a SHIT about dirty politics of place like South Asia. Most of them even don't know where Pakistan is? For e.g Trump didn't know Bangladesh Nepal &amp; Bhutan aren't part of India.
Stuck his foot in his traitorous mouth! Everyone knows you can't serve more than and he won't serve more than !
Stone to death.
My two new recliners just arrived. And this weekend I’m going to Hawaii. But ...you have kids...awesome!
A Chinese takeaway was more important!
Sorry sir but your 'Trending topics' are tailored according to the people whom you follow/like/retweet/reply etc. I have two accounts on twitter, i follow a lot of medicos on one so most of the trending topics are related. In the other one, there's none of those
knows who the is, but then who is the duke of dolphins?
I support my local vineyards here in California. Less carbon footprint &amp; they are delicious.
You should be ashamed on yourself for ruining the WC . You certainly a biggest dumb in the world for selecting wrong venue to WC Shame on you jerk....
What’s up, ? Have you cut anyone’s head off today?
Didn't know the striking doctors have been chanting 'Jai Shree Ram'
Hey , have someone read this to you.
Boris Johnson: a charlatan with bravado. Barely a word he spoke was trustworthy | Polly Toynbee
THIS REMINDS ME OF THE NAVNIRMAN ANDOLAN IN GUJARAT OF1993/1994 WHICH ENDED WITH THE OUSTER OF THE THEN CM CHIMAN PATEL. HAS GONE MUCH AHEAD OF CHIMAN &amp; MUST GRACEFULLY RESIGN OR THE WRITING IS ON THE WALL
Lol yep, GM sis. I’m firm on my campaign, the draft dodger has our nation on the ropes!
Dear Mayor of Orlando: demand cash up front!
PUTIN’S PUPPET TWEETS! . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Trump, Forgetting Jonah Incident, Admits To Talks With Prince Of Whales
Amidst glove controversy we arrive the day when the Top teams meet. Yes, it is today. Sunday can't be made more better then this. Come on India, Let's do it.
reminds me of some of the most idiotic frat boys I met in college.
Fucking is ruining everything!!!! My poor
Holy shit, guys, we crushed my k goal! Think I got everyone back. Thanks so much!
Wishing all of you a very peaceful . Why not celebrate the memory of a true American Patriot by getting rid of the treasonous criminal in the White House? 🇺🇸
Worst World Cup BCCI can organize the entire world cup more efficiently
is still presisent. Is there anything we can do about making him eresident?
They call the IPL a Circus. Well, atleast it's a dry Circus.
We Enjoyed Rain only
TODAY'S BATCH OF LIES FROM LYING BAG OF CRAP PREZTER THE MOLESTER COMING ON TWITTER ANY MINUTE
There’s gonna be some bass playing right up in here today Bloomington, Illinois
The Boris Johnson story had to share, since this clown might be our next prime minister
By all means, Afterall, has unbeaten record against in tournaments. should crush them. If you compare both teams, team is far better in every aspect. भारत माता की जय!! जय हिंद! 🇮🇳🇮🇳🇮🇳
is a fascist asshole himself. is what he pathetically excels at and can't deny the fact that he's responsible for destroying our country on the world stage.
’s contribution to the debate about fire prevention in London. “Get stuffed.”
Stupid,stupid,stupid
I’m pretty excited about . I’m sure, will be all pissy pants about it trending.
If believe too much in religious beliefs u will be fooled easily...
Yeah but you're the F*** Business Party, isn't it just policy to screw the economy?
Sunday matchum rain varum pola ... Fuck world cup
The best answer to activism. Get ,000 T-Shirts / Caps printed with the &amp; distribute among the spectators tomorrow. Flood the stadium with .
Rohingya muslim voters are more valuable to Mamta Bano than qualified hindu doctors. This is what secularism in India has stooped down to. Irony is that Rohingya don't even speak Bangla.
what is this icc..is there no religious practice in cricket field?? How can u partial towards nation and different rule for different country?
Oh did they organize under water 🤣.Pity on
Stopping from wearing the Glove would mean stopping English players from wearing the poppy. Would do that? There is nothing wrong in displaying a spirit of nationalism after all it’s an international tournament. JaiHind.
but love this J’s
Hey Your economy is tanking! Cuz everything u touch...dies GOP LOL fiscal responsible party? Happy Fathers Day, losers
He’s famous for stiffing people. They need to tell him to pay up front or bring his own security. Going forward anyone getting stiffed can’t say they didn’t know.
!!! !!! WE 'KNOW' YOU ARE A 'LOW-LIFE' - AND GUILTY-OF AND ... AN 'MAN' DOESN'T !!! !!! /// ////////////////
June ,
BCCI has given ICC too much autonomy
Wow what are they thinking??? Liberty &amp; Middle Tenn in the same season??? 'srow
So those people cocooning and ensuring he’s doesn’t do/say anything to further his reputation as a you do know your going to have to let him loose to fight his own campaign! And
The world hate your your beloved dad (god for you) because he is a , , LIAR AND A RIOTER ! HAVE KILLED ,000 TILL DATE STARTING FROM .
TRUMP IS A USELESS FUCKING IDIOT HIS COMMENTS IN BIDEN HAVE NO VALUE EXCLUSIVE: President Trump hits Joe Biden on policy flips: 'He has recalibrated on everything' - ABC News - via
This is a life or death vote for many.
How about we all agree to never take health advice from a celebrity (looking at you ) and to never again elect one as president? Ok. Good talk. Thanks.
The family!
Reported payments could threaten NRA's existence
Mine is also country.
biggest theif of all time. he is a cheater. all his career match was fixed. he is nothing without match fixing.
This is NOT surprising at all. Trump will try to start a war because he believes it will help him get re-elected. It's actually not necessary though if you're just going to cheat anyway.
Only government to recognize as a
? No, . They are quite literally, and quite openly, plotting to cause severe damage to the UK. If a foreign power were doing what they were doing we would call it an act of war.
You wait for years for a washed out World Cup Final. Which, the way tournament is progressing, is a possibility. Hats off to you . Standing ovation &amp; slow clap Picture courtesy
What Indian media keeps on priority . . . If there is something happens between Pakistan and India then it would be on top trending Don't you think about
Unbelievable! WOMEN can NOT let this stand. lawmakers want to go back to keeping women barefoot and pregnant even if in the case of rape. Rape is an an act of extreme VIOLENCE! A shouldn’t have ANY say after committing that crime!
Police brutality is what brought under and down and wiped it out from Punjab. Those who didn't learn, repeated same in Delhi. Agle election mein karaara jawaab milega.
.LOL. I'd pay A LOT of money to see all decked out in his Lance Armsrong gear struggling on the side of the road with his pony tail hanging out his stupid bike helmet as he trekked his way to 's house.
Retweet if you have PayPal/CashApp and want me to send you money Must be following. sugar daddy
Emergencies being handled alongside peaceful protests. still authorities remain aloof..no security yet,no arrest of culprits..
We need to claim “Love it or leave it” as ours. Say it to people who support the treason traitor occupying the White House.
Indians do not have any connection with the logic in any way. is a useless campaign. Better sense should prevail. Its a cricket game, play it with sportsmanship and dont try to be Chaudhary of cricket. Adivce from Pakistan
Criminals' Homi, Riots specialist &amp; Co, despo to colonize -WILL try to sabotage talks btwn Mamta &amp; DON'T become pawns in HinduMuslimHinduMuslim :RabidSS
Doctors are the most trusted and respected human beings in the whole world except India. No political parties saying anything about this because they are learned people and not any party's votebank. Please sir we asked for your response
WORLD MEDICAL ASSOCIATION on . read this? If your Kanyashree has reached to , your poorly funded goons story has reached to international organisations for all wrong reasons. ZERO TOLERANCE TO VIOLENCE at Workplace.
what's your problem if DHONI wear the balidaan badge on the gloves your work is need to run the tournament properly
Happy
is a scumbag attorney. A mother of is murdered and you act like a pompous arrogant prick. Good job douche your mother must be so proud of u. GUILTY
Let's get this going. Now is the time!
If is having issues with the number of logos on the gloves I’m sure SG can custom make one without their logo and only have the dagger insignia ?
Now someone who said this and seriously wants to be PM would never duck a TV debate surely
To all my fellow followers and to those still out there, you guys/gals rock my socks off!!
Did you find the real killer yet?
Just more lies from the Putin-installed
A brilliant spoof of this moron being tipped by morons for PM. Goes to show just how embarrassing politics is in this small minded country.
DUDE, just because you keep repeating it, does NOT make it true. ┌∏┐ (•˽•)┌∏┐
got another from ... claims a wonderful relationship with a . says the &amp; ] were returned. They were but returned.
Retweet if you want Dhoni to keep the Balidan batch.
Donald Trump trails Joe Biden by double digits in new statewide Michigan poll - Detroit Free Press
Absolutely, abhorrent that /11 responders have to beg.
Dear just improve your umpiring first then talk about this
's foreign exchange reserves are very low now. The to face bankruptcy soon under the leadership of . Now, this seasoned beggar will again start begging for alms from rich countries. Now no one can save Pakistan from destruction.
Wonderful guys - making money out of others misery - a brilliant .
Watch the GOP be silent about Trump in real time once again admitting he’d accept oppo research from a foreign power. Can’t blame the Dems on this one.
As I scroll through all I see is This Tweet is unavailable. Cause I blocked all you’re fake followers, Russian bots and racist whiners. Make America Proud Again. Cause it’s always been great. Make America Smart Again. Cause we believe in
Assume they are no longer an acquaintance?!
What an idiot. This asshole thinks he’s fucking
If4England is more Important than ,Then No More Games will be played in England? Is England still looksUganda as d facilities seems! Cheating dFans!Surprisingly, No Eng,Aus WashOut sofar? Unfair Advantage, still Gentlemans Game
The whole nation stands with the Doctors of WB....
even wore a black band opposing and was completely fine with it 🤬🤬🤬
Now we understand how the matches are designed! They are making sure only ENG will be match ready when it's time for Semis and all other teams matches get washed out! Desperate times! Desperate measures! 🤔🤨🤑
Yep. Same here! I thought I was pretty savvy. I joined twitter cuz I knew then I realized the whole GOP are nothing but scum. That was the real game changer for me. and
The of social media has greatly struck !
The two unbeaten sides India and new Zealand in beaten by rain
India won the toss nd choose to bat first . India paying with same playing Hope ki cross kre india aj..
Dear ICC, You need to check weather forecasting for venues where matches are supposed to play..! Cricket FANs are disappointed..!
For anyone to compare to Jackie O is deplorable.
I have more respect &amp; like the US mil more than Trump for which I’ll be a Statist for a minute to wish the branches a Happy Birthday. As an -yes, that saying a lot.
I’m usually a little more eloquent with my words, but growing up in Southern California and watching this all happen literally in my face only elicits a three-word response when I think of O.J.; Fuck You, O.J. Yes, I’d say it to his face, too.
The national disgrace.
Manipur doctors to support all India strike on Monday
To make your country great, do: -invest in education rather than incarceration. -make discrimination in all forms punishable by law. -invest in the arts. -pay a livable minimum wage. Do not: -roll back protections for an already hugely marginalised community.
and yeah Yeh le tag bhi kar diya you will get international protests and be eed soon.
No weekend would be complete without some drilling hammering sawing and sanding from next door
Apparently, Kakoli Ghosh Dastidar thinks that Dr.Paribaha would not survive if the government did not pay. And your party is the one who is threatening his family. If you think you're powerful, you would not need to blackmail him. SHAME ON YOU.
Hey, no strike for some workers? at what cost?
In my defence I do blame the local beer holy mother of Jesus it was strong .. Because of the stoppage in the first half when the Ref blew for half time .. I thought it was full Time and started heading out the ground
Screw and bring back Joe Crain!!
So, the next time someone can't be bothered to turn up to something, can we refer to it as ’doing a Boris’? is a joke.
, multiple countries have suffered bcs he even exists.
Shame on you France for inviting paresh naik to your office in Paris ,he is a rapist, Fire him.
Counting complaints isn't enough, it's high time to take action. Firstly digitize all the complaints received, push them online. Transfer case to CBI, they would do better and quicker justice. has again made the rich richer and poor poorer
If only plastics too had the self-destructive trait of Mamta Banerjee.
Dear &amp; why questioning ? Pls tell us... 🆆🅷🅰🆃 🄸🅂 🆃🅷🅸🆂 𝙋𝙖𝙠 𝙘𝙧𝙞𝙘𝙠𝙚𝙩 𝙩𝙚𝙖𝙢 𝙨𝙖𝙡𝙪𝙩𝙚 𝙩𝙤 𝙋𝙖𝙠 𝙖𝙧𝙢𝙮 𝙛𝙧𝙤𝙢 𝙜𝙧𝙤𝙪𝙣𝙙
Who's going to win today?? 🇮🇳vs🇦🇺
All old white men. Jesus help us.
Yea, he loves kids. We're ready to catch a glimpse of him ...in prison.
Beyond stupid. Cheetolini just wants to spend my taxes on a shiny new toy.
McConnell “... knew the popularity of the bill and when he didn’t get his way this is the one he pulled off the bill. That says something about the type of man we’re dealing with here. He held us hostage and it’s not right, it’s not right.”
We are waiting for yrs and your worst management, just destroying the world Cup. We are crazy about cricket, England you?
'City of Joy' name should be replaced with 'City of Bhoy'...
Yup, its definitely still !!!
Trending of shows how much we are focussed over the real world needs.
Don look in your own back yard, how many have died in your country due to your pathetic gun laws.
Me to icc:
This is what your country will soon look like if you EVER let in-in any way‼️Finance/joint ventures/land ownership/infrastructure or G‼️Yes they own HK but we got complacent while Britain had it’s year lease-this is no longer the we knew!🇨🇳
NOT a cause for celebration.
Correction: our Farmers need this because you continue to screw them with your “brilliant” trade strategies.
R. Kelly is a Child Molester and Sexual Predator Lock R. Up!!
: Indian Fans Unleash Their Wrath Upon ICC After Another World Cup Washout
But he didn't.
Don't let the door hit you on the ass on the way out!!!
My Body My Choice. FU . Love Trumps Hate
Divided, pessimistic, angry: survey reveals bleak mood of pre-Brexit UK
Stewart says- Johnson has got Matt Hancock supporting him, but also Mark Francois. He finds it hard to see how he has won them both over. 'It is as if Johnson thinks the MPs supporting him do not talk to each other'
When it comes to we need to name names The world should know the name of the and the names of those who inspired
Parents reaction when a doctor returns home safely in Bengal
Manchester next days
My opinion is s should get not Lifetime imprisonment.
Awesome! Can you teach me how to murder someone with a knife?
fuck trump and his bullshit
you are a Go to HELL!
he(‘unt) still hasn’t answered for all the deaths that occurred following the destruction of the while he (unt) was the health minister. Should a and a be prime minister?
Just the without interrogation or Trial 🤬 . .
hope you have a shitty birthday full of tweets demanding your impeachment. You're a piece of shit!!!
wondering the number of gaalis ICC is going to get in case IND-PAK match is cancelled on account of rain!!
Alabama banned abortion for rape victims. It's also protecting rapists' parental rights. - The Washington Post Alabama is a safe haven for rapists Birds of the same feather flock together, protecting each other
Anti-LGBTQ activist issues ‘sincere’ apology for posting hate content. Within hours she posted more.
ICC is earning billions from this event, but at the management level they performance is zero. Even a small company manager can handle such events more efficiently then ICC.
MAGAts will be wishing the gobshite happy bday today. This day should be used to celebrate a man with honor not a traitor to our country. June th is plz tweet n keep retweeting these 's to keep them trending all day n his bday
My cartoon Friday on (well, there were seven when I drew it!) (nor any of them)
W should have a pride for because they always protect our nation. keep the glove.
Due to his achievements as a cricketer, former Indian cricket team captain, MS Dhoni was given a honoury commission as a Lt Colonel in the territorial army...
Ask Diageo
The world cup winner is....RAIN!!!!!
How much would you be willing to pay to see Trump get the shit kicked out of him?
Pubes caught in your zipper %, Trump %
How Many Of Them Speak Bengali?
The tables have turned.
Migrants in Custody at Hospitals Are Treated Like Felons, Doctors Say
Moment of the day 🤣️️
Of course, , , , and serial sexual predator of women, will do nothing about this as he has complete contempt for the rule of law, unless he can use it as a tool to bash an opponent!
° Well Mitch, when it comes to judicial appointments... Every one from the Trump Presidency will be nullified. °
What was the name of Pakistan before ???
the way mamta banerjee rules Bengal is no less than a dictatorship. Her responses to the issues have been baffling &amp; shameful. If the central government takes ni action it's a shame Big personalities of Bengal like should raise their voice on this
Makes A Fool Of Himself By Not Knowing That The Are Already In Charge
Dhoni always came across as reasonable and mature. His current stance on the glove seems uncharacteristic. He IS wearing the colours of the nation and we are not at war. Sounds like too much josh and little hosh.
It is shocking to think that there are people who demonstrated in order to defend these disgusting monsters...
NRSMC STANDS BOLD THEY WILL NOT GO CM MUST COME
The Mexican ambassador to the US elains Trump’s claim of a new agricultural deal
'Iran written all over it.' Shades of Tonkin gulf perhaps?
years years years years years years years years years years Month Month Girls raped by people Belongs to our Society Our Nations I never imagined even How these black heart Devil soul Moving in our Society
if u think or want it, connect it. Why Kathua Rapists are not eligible for this punishment??? — feeling hurt
doctors have already resigned in NRS SSKM National medical college RG Kar North Bengal college Murshidabad Rampurhat Burdwan
world cup is not about giving balidan but taking Balidan from the opponents .
Today, is the th Anniversary of the Deaths of Nicole Brown &amp; Ronald Goldman — subscribe to this part Podcast from Kim Goldman, Ron’s sister⁉️ ...
My spill it at my whim or try to avoid giving it accidentally while hunting for the but you can by donating on purpose. It’s Take a to while you wait
Watch as 's face goes from orange to red.
. Melania is nothing like Jackie O. . Melania is not 'it.'
is the biggest liar. Donnie this is the only good news you’ve giving. Now is time for you to leave too.
Make this your DP in support of dhoni frds.
Over doctors in resigned till now after issued threats to them.,,,
Such Bugs (like) are highly disruptive &amp; detrimental to the health of a functional called India!
How to fuck your footie career before its even started
saying won't reconsider is so childish!When will they grow up. Rules exist to facilitate human spirit, aspire towards higher ideals like love &amp; honour, humanity does not exist to serve rules! ICC is full of brawn Gora Sahibs, worst of both brown &amp; Gora !
Another blast from the past. and a
Absolutely brutal,what them young kids went through. For no reason, they suffered because of politics who wants to kill kids of America who were innocent
I will respect more then % before in Dhoni
I really don’t well at night knowing I wronged someone. I can’t imagine for a second how or the officers sleep at night knowing they lied and locked up kids while the actual was out there.
Same BS from your mouth, different day. Do your job and quit whining.
You get dumber by the minute, it’s flabbergasting
is not on army duty while playing for He must not &amp; should not wear during games I support ICC decision for asking him NOT TO
Can't come soon enough!
This will be literally the only thing I am interested in Washington on the th of July! No ruining a holiday celebrating the and not the countries he sold us out to!
ICC please mind only your umpiring business and first do that correctly........don't deal with the things that are not in your business.......
One of a rare time to be agreed with you!
Is this a plan by ICC to defame cricket as it is popular in India.Why such a pathetic planning for such a big moment as world cup.There should be an investigation.
The faces and stories of the shameful in this week. A , rapist and handful of dealers were all put behind bars.
If wants to stay in India she must learn how to live in democracy. And I wish she learns to talk sensible things.
Tory leadership candidates take part in press gallery hustings but Boris Johnson stays away
Stop violence against doctors, they are the one who save you! Threats, murders, violence. This is not democracy, its a dictatorship ruled by a psychopath. Central govt should interfere and save the state.
what kind of country have we become when we hold ‘wit, humour and charisma’ in higher regard than ‘intellect, competence, and understanding’? Our world is becoming a reflection of reality TV, a diluted and thinned version of what was once good.
As per rule of ICC in of course if Dhoni was wrng about insignia. He should remove it but wht about shoes he own wrote universe boss in last match wht was that?
ur right those men w/never have b/c u go their off n is lucky is so u can’t get his ass off on appeal keep killing
Definitely not. the Pak team was also planning a retaliatory gesture but PCB, rightly put its foot down. Personal messages should not be allowed be it msg to your girl, god or general. No sport allows it. Dhoni's job is to keep wickets.
dhoni fans to icc
Yeah, those hamberder’s won’t eat themselves and that TV won’t watch itself.
That was the funniest part of the interview. There is no way -- absolutely zero chance -- Trump even read the title of the Mueller Report. He lied. To the People. Again. Shocking.
if India's match with Pakistan also gets interrupt because of rain then on behalf of India's population, you have my permission to step down because you are irresponsible. You have made CWC'19 a joke.
We all know how you feel! Cold War Steve: satire is my antidote to a scary world
I think icc full supporting to England to go semi finals and win the World Cup, because no rain in England match's You can do anything but England is not going to win World Cup
What is the likelihood that the REMOTE male of the male/female C-2 West th Street 'tag team' suddenly, has a departure schedule, as I have my predictable early A.M. arrival schedule returning to W th Street, my abode of years?
Doctors holding Didi by her neck, new eerience, learn
Did I just hear '... Continue the brilliant work that Michael Gove did' said without irony? There is not a teacher in the country who agrees.
A wOmAn On hEr pEriOdS Is mOrE pUrE thAn A iN A tEmpLE
I think creaters taking tips from child's while making these grounds
My Irish, Scotch, English, and French ancestors came to America through Canada. I kind of wish they would have stayed there
is pathetic. Happy
Now reports are emerging that has ordered MS Dhoni to take off his gloves Will comply with this diktat?
IMA scam: Over ,000 complaints for Rs ,250 crore; will investors get their money back?
We will still blindly follow them into another war manufactured by a corrupt and inept president to further his own political and financial needs.
This is really funny . Rain is the top of the table.
The dirty secrets of Boris Johnson’s seduction of Conservative MPs | Andrew Rawnsley | Opinion | The Guardian
We wouldn't have to give bailouts to farmers if it wasn't for trump's tariffs.
Firing your own pollsters who show you behind is bush league. You are the one who can’t win an election fairly.
So OJ Simpson joins Twitter. Instead of blocking his followers he kills them then?!
While we are busy in blaming ICC and trending I am hearing a bad news. At least children died in northern India due toxic substance found in lychee. Where we are heading, using chemicals/pesticides for the sake of money and risking the life of thousands. Sad
Hmmm, well then maybe he shouldn’t suck ass at EVERYTHING every single day.
Sarah, you will be remembered for being every bit as crooked as your gaze. Sorry.
keep
The best thing for you to do is shut your lying mouth. No one believes you are innocent of what you were accused of. You are an abuser who has gotten away with murder. Obviously you should have listened to and live your life away from the public eye.
Very sorrow after seeing this incident in where a sikh person beaten Very bad We all r in race of digital india.these all Firstly safeguard community members. earlier riots still pending
You meant to say you need a Sippy Cup or Baby Bottle. Holy are you HIGH AS FUK?
Thanks for fund raising on the promise of Obamacare repeal from Republican voters only to screw them over by deciding it was more important to put yourself first just to screw Trump in a personal vendetta. 'preciate it.
Right beside you
I hear you. But I think he's incredibly bright, aware and genuine. It might be time to vote the man not the party. Sometimes the messenger looks different than we think. With all the amazing intelligent voters on the planet we have a and maybe
Claims he Dazzled |
Your posts fascinate me. You seem to care about America and our democracy yet stay married to a woman who lies, breaks rules and possibly laws, and supports corruption in Trump’s administration. I think this may all be a game to you.
On another post I called him what he is &amp; the blocked me. LOL
can't happen because we know didn't happen Or is there something they ain't tell'n us? 🤨 in
They have the time to watch an Indian Army Mark on a players gloves but don't have enough time to prepare for the World Cup... Shame...
Search for 'Best toilet paper in the world' on Google. Thanks Sundar Pichai
Your sense of reality is NOT there! Yo are the accidental President!
Conservatives: “Why does the LGBTQ community need an entire pride month, they’re not persecuted.” Also Conservatives:
Your presidency defined in one shot...
Meanwhile your bottom lip bigger than your top lip bubba gump
is nothing but supporting the violation of rules. Nowadays people bring Army and hyper nationalism in every foolish thing. Rules are rules and Gloves have to go, period.
We doctors have to take karate classes along with pg studies.
World cups worst event ever in history
Just imagine where we will be by the end of this first term... Then consider where we will be if he is re-elected to another years... Let’s go, America — we have a democracy to defend! 🇺🇸
His trade game is NOT working...just like the
Donald Trump is the reason for increasing violence against innocent Americans of color and religious differences.
He's a cut up
Where are those and and their patron
joined Twitter, just to take a stab at the whole Social Media thing...
The MAGA't filth is onto us. We need more and tweets.
“I think I’d like to hear it,” - Trump when asked if he would accept foreign opposition research aid. You are not being a patriotic American if you still support Trump. He is fucking all of America over, including you.
Why thr is just ? Why other professionals not joining, they cold be the next victim. I think all the Lawyers, Architects, Engineers, CAs, CSs and others must join the doctors. Its time to stand united
WHAT!? Sure try again!
Yep. Take on the Nation of Scotland on Twitter. Great Idea. Not.
Happy your brother day !
Protests in Part : for
| As rain pours misery over joy, internet seeks refuge in memes. gets you more on that's trending on the internet
By wearing the over his gloves has shown his love &amp; respect for the forces. should understand that there is nothing wrong in it. This is about our
. What exactly do you have against securing our elections? Afraid you won’t win unless you have help?
bcoz, nation is above
Everyone's googling Nottingham and Manchester weather️ Aren't you??
I wonder if this nitwit has ever bought a car on the never never and refused to pay for it after taking delivery claiming “it’s my money”.
Whip out the beer cans and REVERSE it
The first thing you should have learned is that NO means NO
What are you doing? How many concussions did you have? This is madness.
I’ll never forgive this motherfucker or all the people that covered for him
Rain will take all wickets....
it breaks my
Trendy TSHIRT DESIGN WITHIN HRS
IMA announced strike on th June.. ..
lol 'has a little getting even to do' thankfully knife blades can't penetrate my twitter account
Bro, &amp; and needs to think and implement such Laws... Taaki Aage se koi bhi agar dimag me khayal bhi laaye to uski soch se pehle uski Patloon gili ho jaani chahiye... And that's how such incidences cannot be happened henceforth...
ICC turns down BCCI request, can't sport Do you agree with this 🤔..
Good call, California voters: Judge Aaron Persky, who gave Brock Turner lenient sentence in rape case, recalled from office via
liars. liar. liars. need REAL protection not lip service from .
The more the government try to suppress us the more we will fight back until and unless our voices are being heard and demands are being met!
No other president is like tRump.
Wow - Is this is what Leadership looks like to Tory voters? Terrifying
Hoping tomorrow, it will be match and not . We all want to see -0 in record.
Don't turn up to leader debates because you know you can't be arsed. Get for MPs pledge support for you. Yes makes senses. He is displaying the same level of contempt and entitlement that Theresa may showed before the last election.
In the final year of Obama's presidency we had a GOP front-runner who received a glowing endorsement from the Ku Klux Klan. And those people are hard to please.
This daft orange shitgibbon has no clue how tariffs work. China or whatever country doesn't pay for it, the country IMPORTING the product pays for and that is passed right along to the consumer. Tariffs rip even more money out of U.S. consumer's wallets.
I've met , you're no Jackie Kennedy. She had class and dignity. She married a war hero, not a coward or Soviet mole. She wasn't a whore.
I don’t get that so many people follow him, is he stil a sports hero in the States ?
ICC Tournaments and Shikhar Dhawan : The love story continues.
I don't support but this is too much.Stop doing this nd treat patients. You can protest even while saving lives. You idiots hv made this an ego issue now. Your issues r imp but ppl r dying. Protest while working or during breaks.
Wasn’t there once a sort of understanding that Anglo-San culture had produced a uniquely moderate political nature impervious to extremism? Yeah, so apparently that wasn’t true.
First ever book written on violence against doctors and dark side of blue curtain...God in Peril
May all your kids &amp; grandkids be gay. Evolve as a human being. You support an abomination to God and humankind who has no morality, no human decency and is a . You need your own soul to be saved. Depart from me you doers of evil is what will say to
What a complete babbling !
to the other day, 'No collusion occurred in , but I'm open to it on .'
Australian damad is on fire
As usual , your wrong.
said she'll find out workers who didn't work in This is culture. Complete failures , aren't responsible but common workers are!! Shameless bunch!! is needed for better
Or all of the above, and some. He really does take the term to a new level.
. Seriously.
Another tRump stooge. Because of enabling like that tRump has no shame saying he would break the law right to our faces. Always some tool will come out to defend him
DOJ does not work to hide FROM the American people they do not work for trump.they are not a trump cover up committee! thats the role GOP holds recently..
Stop with the Why are you is it because you ARE QUILTY OF TREASON? the world is watching will happen!
Disappointing!! Years of planning and yet they failed in organising the world's most important cricket event!! Shouldn't have held the event in this season!!
This is what your country will soon look like if you EVER let in-in any way‼️Finance/joint ventures/land ownership/infrastructure or G‼️Yes they own HK but we got complacent while Britain had it’s year lease-this is no longer the we knew!🇨🇳
No security, no service. Still after days authority has failed to assure the security at government hospitals. They are responsible for this unforeseen collapse of the health skeleton of WB. ji, , kindly intervene.
we really just wish you would disappear and get out of the public arena. People in your life may be too scared of you, and all the star struck ass kissers may not care, but most of us do. Are you too stupid to notice?!!
Seriously? You live in a different reality than the rest of America.
Except now we kill them in the womb up until birth. What is wrong with you?!
deserves this in this for their show. Instead of wasting time on 's they should have planned better on their own part!
You r the first CM of a State who became the Satan &amp; villain of entire country by humiliating the entire medical fraternity by calling the Doctors protesting against the murderous assault on their colleague as criminals. Shame.
This is not the first time it has happened to us..we are facing this for long..numerous incidents go unrecognised in each and every part of our country due to lack of support.. Enough is Enough.. Stand strong.. Stay united.. show your strength
Trump a national security threat. Trump a disgusting SOB. Trump a national embarrassment. Trump a treasonous traitor. Trump a delusional piece of shit, whom only a handful of deplorables like. Trump a treasonous traitor.
'How can I be sure this stolen credit card is any good if I don't use it to buy a porn star an eensive dinner?'
) Trump didn't win the election. ) Trump nor Obama have helped the economy. ) Mexico is not helping Trump. They are preparing for a war against the U.S.
Would you eect anything less from a , no not me...
Coming from a guy he grew up in ’s and loving the NFL - just GO AWAY !! You should be behind bars
Yes true we do not any favour from .
America NEEDS a new President ASAP... Trump is a DISASTER... Has been getting worse and worse!!!!
You are Horrible!
We all need doctors, is forgetting that! Attact on the doctors in on her directions are shamful acts.
Your father has no brain function. Any opinion on that?
Sat downstairs watching tv, daughter’s in bed upstairs. yo:”Blankie. Blankie. Blankie, where are you?” Me (shout up the stairs): “Babe. You do know it won’t come if you call it?” Hubby: “you’re a dick.”
Party time! For Trump's birthday, we're celebrating 'John McCain Day!' Such a wonderful idea ! So selfless you are! McCain was such an incredible &amp; brave war hero. Let's all admire his beautiful ship, the USS John S. McCain!
Happy
It will be a bigly war. He has the best wars. Nobody has better wars.
The arrogance of a chief minister is the reason that the has escalated so much. It's a lesson to those in power that they can be brought down to their knees if they continue with a high handed approach towards workplace safety concerns of people
Home of the .
Berman: Is it even news when the President lies?
There was a time when was the 'outside the box' in his thinking. It's a shame seeing what you have become since . You are wrong about Biden and need to stop sounding like a whiny little bitch when talking about him.
Hey! I'm just stoked! It's !!! He used to be SO FUNNY some times. Full of life and such an honorable man! He would never believe the horrors that are happening in just the short time since he passed away.
when you think so do a little calculation &amp; get your facts correct. In case you fail to do that, don't comment.
Russian college drop out, fold out model &amp; escort, really not even... what a laugh to even assume this compares anything but a street walker with as her pimp!
welcome! If you start having chest pains please remember to start filming so we can all enjoy the show in case you croak.
No any individual message or logo to be displayed on any items of clothing or equipment -
nailing it again
Our country deserves better than a draft-dodging coward. McCain SERVED; DIDN'T. Happy !!! Happy !!! Happy !!!
I swear that is the happiest eression i have ever seen on his face.
LEADERSHIP CONTEST If I were Boris I'd l steer clear. Let the BBC suck these neverwozzers into slagging each other off on TV &amp; turning it into a media circus. It's what they're good at.
Some people, by way of association (and assassination), die quicker than they should. Whereas we foretold a mighty dragging, her dragging ended in her death. Yes, she will die -- never be the same again.
Rain will win, as weather is happy like pakistan to avoid thrashing. Poor management and stubborn guidelines of
Ginni Thomas Plans New Conservative Supergroup to “Protect President Trump”
Life is easy for none...but have faith every pain will be justified one day.
Here’s another....
Shame on …..There should be an honour killing organized to cut throats of these mental officers &amp; &amp; ……..may Human Urine fall on yogi's mouth &amp; on upPolice b4 GauMutra….️️‼️
NYT: “Ms. Conway’s violations... Her actions thus erode the principal foundation of our democratic system — the rule of law.” BLOB: that’s Trump’s intent.
I guess you can't be too rich, or too thin, or commit treason too many times.
Bad enough they choose to work for a , but if they're also supporters, they're useless.
Another jolt to India decided not to use air space but Go over Oman to Bishek.
Hey just wanted to wish you a HAPPY You fucking disgrace!
sir Ms dhoni carrion play the same gloves you not break any rules We all Indian support you
in you are our real Hero Hai Now.
In Boris Johnson described the anointment of Gordon Brown as PM following a Labour leadership election as a 'gigantic fraud', a 'scandal' and a 'stitch-up'. Johnson now hopes to become PM by exactly the same method.
it legit angers the sh!t out of me that the British Public don’t get to decide who we want in charge of OUR Country. isn’t fit to clean the step of Downing Street let alone live in it!
has complete meltdown after someone coughs -
Vigilantes Helped Steve Bannon’s Group With Private Border Wall Near El Paso
I heard Sleepy Joe Biden has been insulting me on the trail. What a loser! He hasn’t even BANKRUPTED companies yet!
Save the saviour - Get it Its time to save the saviours- wear this tshirt and join the doctors strike india. Join doctor strike bengal. doctor protest, doctors protest
Very poor management by People have waited years for this extravaganza and this is how we get treated
While Doctors are at strike, please read on why do we take Hippocratic Oath not Sushruta, why does his 'wet-cold-dry-hot' look like 'vata-pitta-kabha+others' in Ayurveda?
This truly is a crisis and, worst part is, his delusional admirers will probably never know. They'll just blame everyone else for his stupidity, fear mongering, hate, greed and lies.
What up, Xi?
I don’t understand how is a military insignia being equated with prayers being offered on the field? I understand if you want to but don’t bring in prayers into this controversy. Also, like Vinod Rai said, “It’s a non-issue.” Let it be like that. Please.
Report: NRA Has Been Directing Money to Board Members Who Oversee Its Spending
Sad. bday unable to match Twitter support for these more popular hashtags: Because these ARE our b-day wishes for you.
This very day. I can’t understand it.
Hey , Hypocrisy ki bhi koi sima hoti h! This is NOT This is Violation of Violation of Rules Rules
Hey : is calling. They say you’re a
Too late.....
and for !
Everyone is Waiting for Bhumrah to Bowl. I am waiting for Dhoni to keep.
Only gone and done it again
So why hasn’t it?
Does this lady look Normal ?
No should apply on a !! India
'I often hear Tories muse, Johnson as PM “will cheer everyone up”. When your party looks like it is going to hell in a handcart, they reckon you might as well hurtle towards the inferno with a smile on your face'
Rather than worrying about gloves , maybe check the Stumps ! What can be done here ?
Because he is Worthy
Exactly.
Complete
As per doctors on West Bengal will now onwards have to write medical prescriptions in Bengali. Does not matter if the handwriting makes it look like Tamil.
Lol. You wish.
Alabama woman claims court is letting her uncle see their kids via
SAME COUNTRY, DIFFERENT STATE, DIFFERENT POLITICAL PARTY, SAME TREATMENT WITH IN SHOULD HAVE FOUGHT BACK IN TOO
Yes it is better but by the way
treat everyone with same rule. If you can this then how can you ask dhoni not to put sacrifice badge on gloves.
sir, please can you support us on our movement condemning the attacks on doctors and convincing government to bring stringent laws against such assaults in India. Your message will be helpful!
Everyone waited for years to see the England Rains , what a proud moment
All CAMERAs on The now... Will be with Glove or it will be of Feelings of OR prevails... Jo bhi ho All wants is Victory in match...
: Objection my lord. : Overruled.
BJP MP Ananth Kumar Hegde caught on camera beating up doctor at Karnataka hospital
People said He kept it but without the Logo
Hey, it's ! Also, .
Market crash or cultural death of America? I choose taking my chances with a market crash! You are obviously in a panic months ahead of the election! Bad place to be so early!
dear ICC you can stop dhoni bhai but how u gonna stop us focus on your umpires not our players 🇮🇳🇮🇳🇮🇳🇮🇳
How You Can Tell Barr Is Lying About Mueller’s Evidence
Homophobia and transphobia are CRIMES in countries. Yet here in America, under the Trump administration, it’s seemingly encouraged. We need CHANGE. VOTE BLUE FOR .
Dear what about players offering namaz on field or urinating on field after the match.? did not do anything wrong.
We are always with you mahi bhai don't remove your glove.
should have so many better options to stop rain ,But they are not willing to doing anything.
The Kurban Shah case, points out a police officer &amp; a political controversy when it was alleged that rival factions of the ruling each trying to gain control over the organisation of junior doctors (to garner votes for election to state medical bodies)
Saw this and instantly thought of and
Saying are England team - they may play for different clubs but they come together for England say . Only problem with that analogy is that refuses to attend training+eects to be made captain. privilege?
When played last people watched. If it rains on Sunday, it's gonna be a huge loss to (financially). What a poor planning !!!
is a who heads Health Dept &amp; MANDATED unnecessary pelvic exams women seeking abortions.
U should be filmed while u are made to walk through a the scene of a mass shooting where dead children are present, uncovered, bodies torn apart by guns, and, tell us all about your belief in profit before life.
' says cannot wear 'army logo' gloves'
poor planning or intentional deliberate choices ? Maybe next time participate in IPL planning
This is not an isolated event, it's happening in every medical college. Stop consuming yellow journalism.
'Replied to a tweet saying something akin to ' oh yeah' Bullshit i did . I said politely they are as fucked as each other . So what is your next reply chief ? OR are you the Perennial victim of oppression ?
Certainly his last as a free man.
AIIMS Issues Hours Ultimatum To CM Mamata Banerjee
or just write India on gloves but don't change gloves.
Ivanka Voting Machines coming to a location near you. This truly is the upside done.
Allen Solly Men's Polo Rs.599
God I miss …
India vs Australia match analysis and preview
should allow ms dhoni to keep glove. It is attached with indian people emotion.
| The Debate with Arnab is now , on air and online. Watch it here -
Trump Is Urged to Fire Kellyanne Conway for Hatch Act Violations
This - is - remarkable. Happy
Have you moved from % chance to at least % in the polls as a result of this very pathetic ad?? You keep embarrassing yourself time after time, it’s priceless! 🤡🤡
First a tattoo saying on his forehead.
Dear Drs and Non Medico Friends Please Keep twitting about WB Doctors plight with and tag . As it’s weekend don’t allow the movement to weaken. It has to reach higher authority to take strong action.
with money can commit even murder and never face any consequence.
Four years we wait to watch how it rains in England and how poor is, unable to cover the grounds.
...where they would be reunited in when Dad passed from esophageal cancer. He gave that 'champion purebred mutt' yrs. he never would've had. After a nine-year break, they were now together eternally. Rest well, Fredzino. And oh yeah - .
MY THOUGHTS ON
shop: Trump Nin Covfefe and the Crook President T-Shirt
Respect India.
comes across a very weak minister he gave lip service on n we were left red faced while our cricketing grates etc keeps mum wants money that's it. There was so much of talk abt boycott Pak nothing happened
Weather forecast is very much advanced now, driverless car is just coming nd is relying on techniques of bc
Smdh, EPA Air Chief Gave Presentation At Fringe Climate Denier Event, New Emails Show
Former EPA administrators blast Trump admin on science, regulation rollbacks
I remember when they were no hawks around or foxes or eagles but I saw for my own eyes working out there when Obama started regulating the environment, these majestic creatures came back full force
Because this is what everyone needed you to put to rest. Thanks for the clarification OJ.
India won the toss and Bat first....
| Understand the Doctor-Patient relationship. We don't differ treatment for any community. We have a charter of a few demands. If the demands are met, we'll call it off in mins: Dr Priyanshu Sr Resident representative, Resident Doctors Association, AIIMS
If there will be no Ind vs pak then we will not watch world cup
They should have got to take his place. He talks about as much sense as does.
Hey ! Love from India. 🇮🇳 C.c
my complete support to Dhoni
hereby 🤢
The video starts out very appropriate! Trump IS A CARTOON! 🤡 Trump won because he was INSTALLED BY PUTIN &amp; has been defending Putin, and other MURDEROUS DICTATORS ever since!
️“IMA Scam: Who is Md Mansoor Khan? The Fraudster behind IMA Ponzi Scam” ️
doctors have already resigned in . NRS SSKM National medical college RG Kar North Bengal college Murshidabad Rampurhat Burdwan
America is now in the unthinkable position that is a 🇺🇸🆘🇺🇸🆘🇺🇸🆘🇺🇸🆘🇺🇸🆘🇺🇸 WHERE ARE YOU, ⁉️
Fact check: Trump's FBI claims on Schiff and Warner don't hold up
Oh really but can covered the ground right . Btw know the weather of england before they annaunced understand ! Thats it
The uniforms of all countries are somehow connected to the Nation and it must be and same love and salutes eress this symbol so.
If we desire respect for the law, we must first make the law respectable.
Happy PRIDE Month ️️️‍
It would be irresponsible for Tory MPs to opt for , perhaps even more irresponsible than holding a % threshold referendum. For the Country’s and Party’s sake please go for !
please RT!
,Indian Senior Cricketer r taking everything for granted. They should respect the LAWS of the Game. Remove ur gloves.
Kid on a bike cycling down the road towards me, decides to try show off by taking his cap off, twirling it and catching it. Only he dropped it and fell off his bike a foot away from me. .
Monday vibes!
The have a new king.
. Sur .. make central govt rule. Why passing on responsibility?
Now the players need to learn swimming.. Near era of commentary would be like -' that was a fast swim between the wickets '.🤣🤣🤣🤣
Dear too much hypocrisy Humble request to fellow Indian Supporters who is going to watch upcoming matches in stadium take insignia with you especially match held on16th June.
Dear IPS team, Look at this video how police dept also helpless under the hands of politicians. If you have to work like this why IPS? and now
Sunday is getting more hotter now ! All the best champ Few hours to go 🤩
Blocked him.
I love this place
.: Thousands of spectators who have flocked to England from various parts of the globe have been severe disappointment. At this rate, is it even a fair game anymore?
I think should focus on uphelding sports man sprit rather than gloves.
Until this goes into circulation, and it will t-minus-t, I'm using a stamp I found on Etsy. Cuz
No we still want you impeached, just because I didnt show up to rally!
World Cup these days
Both captains out on the field for the toss. Lands on heads. The Captain decides to swim first.
ICC didn't give the permission to Dhoni to wear the glove with the Balidaan badge. We all know what happens when people mess with Kohli. Now, we'll see what happens when you mess with Dhoni. Remember this tweet.
to : : 'I don't think in my whole life I've ever called the .' Well, DUH!! Show me a who has.
I’m pretty sure that when I lose the election, I’m not leaving the White House without thrashing the joint like a Guns N’ Roses band member.
You guys are more concerned about gloves or Michael Holding's commentary on umpires.
As said by sir but trollers won’t understand everytime they need some or the other point to troll and being patriotic is not crime nor it is breaching rules of still msd is asked to remove glove and pakistan as usual like cowherds my god
How Do This Pakistanis Are Eecting To Win With Such A Team Which Has Consistency Min Up Min Down Against India 🇮🇳 They Are Going To Badly Defeated Like Always
Dhoni just love India and for the pride of our beloved Nation Dhoni should keep wearing the glove with the balidan logo....
Sooooo cool! I'm feelin your excitement!!!!
well you certainly didn’t come off like a total asshole live on TV. 🤦‍️ Way to go taking your Superiority Complex to the podium &amp; rabidly doling it out on unsuspecting journalists... to whom the only valid use of the phrase “Just doing my job” belongs to.
Oh a bit of a smart ar*e Andrew... if I were you I’d check who started the thread &amp; who jumped on to it...that way you won’t make as big an ar*ehole of yourself as you normally do!!! Save you looking...I started this thread!!!
should take necessary action to stop happening in West Bengal
None other than our HITMAN RO-HIT SHARMA BY THE WAY
(Credits: )
Yep...How can it violate those three regulations...
You can remove Soldier from Army but can't remove Army from within Soldier.
Be an hindu or muslim and anyone else... A should be punished without delays. There must be no room to discuss to defend these issues
Those purebreds on social media advising that Dhoni should get the Insignia logo tattooed on his arm - calm down &amp; pls practice yoga going forward- if he wanted it that way he’d have done that to begin with. He knows what’s right.
The DOES NOT work for 'WE THE PEOPLE' (American Citizens). The DOES NOT uphold their Oath of Office!
Too bad he didn’t want you there. Oh yeah, because you are an asshole!
clintonfoundation hillaryclinton …
This is sad and disgusting and I can't take it anymore. :'(
Nothing else matters
threat
Spotted outside Trump World Tower Trump World Tower
A -year-old alleged John Nomeh is among the awaiting trial inmates of the Abakaliki prisons freed by the Chief Judge of Ebonyi on Monday in Abakaliki. Read: Alleged rapists should not be eligible for such acts of clemency.
Mr Johnson as Mayor of London. And this man could be our Prime Minister.
against Men : Aditya Pancholi approaches police, says afraid of 'fake' rape case by Kangana Ranaut Today any women can term any Men , even can claim it happened yrs back! No evidence , no medical, her verbal word enough.
*enter sarcasm* They don't need evidence to prove anything! If they said it it's true and anyone who eects proof is part of the fake news media. 🤬🤬🤬🤬
ICC turns down 's request to allow to continue wearing the army insignia on his wicket-keeping gloves; ICC says regulations for ICC events do not permit any individual message or logo to be displayed on any items of clothing or equipment.
Happy John McCain Day!!!
The Was Full of . But Did He Commit a Hate ?
. We deserve respect not arrogance.
I hope u get gang banged if prison have a nice life thank god I didn’t get a picture with u
Should change the venue for semifinal and finals
Day ...The Protest Continues !!
We all know the story of the Ant &amp; the Grasshopper. What are you? Call to book an appointment with a SEBI Registered Investment Advisor now!
Earlier the is known for but now 'one' is ruining the whole of it. is again only for commons, let them go back on their conditions!!!!
THE BIGGEST FAILURES OF TRUMPONOMICS...
East Turkestan In Seconds
Once again, you're an idiot an imbecile and a liar. You know nothing about the Constitution, you worthless colluder with foreign adversary.
in Bengal Vs in Bihar. When people will get the proper quality medical services without reservations? Surely a Curse now blaming leeches today n mangoes Tommorrow in fighting
if having the army Insignia is political issue and not an Indian military respect then should also be banned from his army celebration what, say
want to elain yourself?
Focus on umpiring issues rather than I support dhoni ji.
Need urgent intervention frm the newly formed gov. to take some necessary &amp; fruitful steps in order to bring life of the state back to normal.
Blackmailing our professors and parents won't stop us from asking for what belongs to us
This is a ploy to get us into another senseless war. The trump administration is making up fake evidence and framing Iran. That’s why Kushner was talking to Saudi Arabia so much.
Take Nin, add sexual assault, add misogyny, add pedophilia, add bigotry, add homophobia, add hatred, add racism, add fascism, add despotism, add nepotism, add treason, add climate denial, add Twitter, subtract IQ points, and you have Trump today.
can use a temporary tattoo on his neck for this logo, ICC can do nothing about it
YouTube’s CEO issued a non-apology to LGBTQ people. It didn’t go over well.
what a disgusting country we live in, this goverment pours trillions into the military industrial complex but we can help our own people overhere who risked their own lives on /11
Rape culture cw// 'No, but I know him, and he's not like that.' No, he's another kind of .
Situation going out of control-critical patients not getting treatment as doctors are on strike. must respond to diffuse the situation &amp; not accelerate the problem as she did by threatening Doctors at SSKM on June .
How supporters are made.
now the whole country is with you mahi, the country's pride comes first no matter we win the game or not, we play the match or not. now its about the pride of our para martyrs. we always support you dhoni.
ICC you can stop dhoni but can't stop his fans . 🇮🇳
Bandy X. Lee on : 'His state of mind has been steadily for some time' |
’srow Central Park
nd Amendment rights if never before now. A convicted criminal shows up at your front door to take your child, I don’t think so !
You are happy because you have already committed , Right? You have asked for and accepted 'dirt'.You have accepted a Bribe from them all! And you will continue to do It! You have always been Corrupt!
I've said it before and I'll say it again, 'I'm retired'....err...retire(ing). I really mean it this time.
Rain, injuries, poor umpiring, hospitality issues and censoring commentators! The worst world cup is in progress?
Delhi's Docs In Solidarity Protest For Their West Bengal Colleagues
I support Dr. Sahab .
have you watched the DOC Skinheads, You are their mascot. You emboldened the racists and you are responsible alongside of them for their crimes
Since he all but admitted that he would take the info which requires payment implying that he obviously did since he’s been doing Russia favors and making those payments through his entire presidency.
FATAH: Why Shariah mortgage is a deception
We have ZERO interest in playing GOD, so please don't treat us either as a GOD or as a DOG! If you deserve respect, so do we, nothing more and nothing less...
Angry Relatives Of Patients roughing up and mishandling Doctors is old story. So is protest by Doctors to counter such misbehaviour. But BJP has achieved a first by converting this into Muslims vs Doctors.
Why so much Muslim appeasement by Mamta Banerjee Just vote bank politics by her. She has the rights to say doctors that they are wrong and are outsiders but she cannot say that Muslim crowd.who attacked that they were wrong.
The 'coronation' of ? Will just Tory MPs or ,000 Tory Party members be allowed to pick the next British PM in a country of million? How can this be possible in a 'democracy'? The can no longer pretend to be a democracy.
We fans wait for years, this time format was great but your brainless planning for the venue have ruined all the charm. I really wish that atleast more matches get washed away and you are forced to reschedule each abandoned match again. What a pathetic WC thid is
Hahaha When You Type Bhikhari in Google Search It is Popping Up Imran Khan Pics
I would love to own a company that is 'failing' so badly lol trump wouldn't know a thriving company because he has never owned one!
Yet again they bring another controversy, leaving the poor umpiring of the cricket game. should focus on improving standards of umpiring rather than what's present on gloves.
What’s it cost these days to buy a medical degree from the islands? Maybe I could be called doctor too!
, . rushes into damage control after saying he’d accept foreign help in
Wondering if NYT has now endangered the situation by reporting it....Trump-Putin are now aware....and will do everything to win ...
proponents and must be disappointed that isnt under protection in
was the wel planned Economic Offense against Muslims, Mohammed Monsoor Khan definitely a Agent of the conspiracy by bigger agency
Now you understand who I am really? Ha Ha
It's high time the home ministry took charge in Bengal and bring the situationn to control . These are the things that public eect from a strong HM .
ICC is earning billions from this event, but at the management level they performance is zero. Even a small company manager can handle such events more efficiently then ICC.
Gas Station Toilet /40 and why isn't the top trend everyday.
She’s probably lying about leaving so people don’t notice trump selling arms to country that attacked USA on /11.
I’d believe a talking anus over trump.
You having been squealing like a stuck pig for years about this! Oops! I guess that’s exactly the problem!
this is new India agitating against fraud leaders. Bengal CM has lost her mental balance &amp; her sympathy for Terrorist have put the entire state into jeopardy. agitation also demands
Then was released and it is AMAZING And now Link Now How takes care of ground How takes care of remember it
You do know absolutely no one is listening to this right?
Liar! You have no rights to make decisions on behalf of women. This is NOT infanticide but the kids YOU are killing at the border is indeed.
Only to be informed of his complete and utter bullshit ...can’t stand the douche bag. But you’re my fave person I follow hahahaha so I will gladly unfollow
Claims His Own Polls Are Fake And He Is Winning In Every State
Really Steve isn’t working with you on big issues? You mean like not bringing any bills to the floor to protect our elections? But hell its only Our Democracy you refuse to protect
Mohamed Bin Salaam - Iranian Clerics- murderers liars Don Trump - See the problem? It was bound to happen.
It's a crime to hit a ONDUTY POLICE OFFICER but it's okay to hit a ONDUTY DOCTOR?
you’re a disgrace doll hands
This world cup should be ban !! Rain rain rain motherfuckerr ICC Shift this world to another country or ban this world cup
Only if he finds you.
Market crash coming sooner. Right during election. Sorry but won't prop up Wall Street thru the election. You and will be held accountable by your own voters! Wish Obama was back to clean up your $hit!
Shame on him!
Imitation of a tweet, flattery eh?. Have a pic of your BoJo the chimp to brighten your day. Imagine this as PM, Jesus wept. About the only time he's been on the left.
The beach is calling! Weekend has already begun. Celebrate!
It's clear to see why has not taken part, he would be shown to be the moronic buffoon he is.
Thanks for fund raising on the promise of Obamacare repeal from Republican voters only to screw them over by deciding it was more important to put yourself first just to screw Trump in a personal vendetta. 'preciate it.
Was it the frozen meal line, the Applebees entrees, or the Tyler Florence special sauce? Your next goal should be to get blocked by Guy Fieri.
He will metaphorically hang himself all on his own ! As he is an incompetent, overconfident, xenophobe with delusions of grandeur. Just give him time.
A billion Cricket fans waited four years to watch how it rains in England
This is what I hate most about politics today: F*** Business. F*** the NHS. F*** Northern Ireland. F*** struggling families. F*** our allies. F*** the country. As long as we can save the Party, No Deal Brexit will be worth it.
Happy
Dr. Kafeel arranged oxygen cylinders with his own money. UP government didn't respond to BRD Hospital's warning regarding shortage of cylinders. Still Khan was arrested. Court pronounced him innocent. IMA, casteist doctors, media, twitterati were all mum then.
How do you say 'Gulf of Tonkin' in ? Oh yeah, in
We need correct action from doctor how fast they are resigned that much fast they need to work hard to save the people public have eyes they are watching and they are fighting it mass thread to puplic
What is stopping Modi Govt To Impose president Rule In West Bengal
Benedict Arnold used debt and being passed over for promotion to turn traitor on the USA...I wonder what reason Trump will use???
Next in line to the Tory dictatorship, BoJo, will be welcomed with open arms by President Trump despite there being overwhelming evidence of him taking class A drugs
Hey ...Michael “Dog Killer”Heseltine, what do you think about
You should have stopped here, Senator. I’ve voted for you three times...one time too many. This pains me, but I don’t think you represent me anymore. will be my first vote for a democrat for US senate ever. It’s true
u cheated all cricket fans.. cancel this world cup..
Dear on th June decide whether we play football or cricket. Match to hona hi chaiye
Trumpkin’s are clutching their hypocrisy pearls over &amp; it’s actually pretty great.Look number trending story isn’t a bad troll. imagine how pissed is. It gives me a chuckle.Sorry, NOT SORRY.
And you
Dear Offering namaz on field is not a bigg issue but Wearing glove containing Army logo( non political non religious not harming anyone’s sentiments) is objectable for icc ! Or we(hindustani) start
The NYT has been around long before you and will be around long after you are gone and forgotten. YOU ARE THE ENEMY OF THE PEOPLE!
If tonight has a stroke, who is going to treat her? The same doctors she is threatening and bullying?
Wasn't that the point?
Stop violence against Doctors. .
Real Talk: If you support you are a Russian sympathizer and have no business being an American. I believe you to be a traitor and should be assigned as such.
Trump blocks three Florida congresswomen from visiting Homestead child detention center
'Yes, I think that for all politicians the thought of a leadership debate is a bit daunting' .. NO - ONLY - FOR - YOU
ICC is not God. If we give in today then tomorrow they will ask us to remove sacred threads worn by players of all religions on their hands and neck.
Trump is the biggest traitor in American history. RT if you agree.
If a cricketer can put their personal sponsors sticker on their bat then why can’t wear a which makes every Indian proud. don’t you have any other work then checking Badges? should back Dhoni.
This bozo is happy for the country to have a PM deciding how much scrutiny he gets. The less the better it appears. FFS.
This is terrifying. And should be part of the news cycle. MSM needs to stop salivating over ’s idiotic speeches &amp; nonsense and hammer him with this policy every time he’s in public.
Not much reporting on the further devaluation of the £ (GBP) against the € (Euro) and against the $ (USD) as well as against most other currencies in the last days ? And Unionists worry about a Scottish Currency
I’d like to challenge this to say this to my face or any member of the + community’s face. My guess, he doesn’t have the balls. Lots of big talk for someone preaching to his own followers:
We should ALL fight back against donnie dump's unconstitutional question on the new census that asks if you are a citizen! Check off □not a citizen!!
&amp; should never be taken for granted They're not free DEMOCRACY &amp; FREEDOM ARE PRICELESS &amp; REQUIRE PROTECTION
Happy JOHN MCCAIN DAY Here’s what a real hero looks RT to show your love!
Oh Boris the . When ‘Hue mans’ (dark brown Africans) were building pyramids in Africa and created civilisation itself, I think it’s fair to say ‘they had high IQs’! What say you ‘dumb arse’!? And your propaganda is wearing thin by the way🤓FOH
Still. Again Please.
FFS! What are babbling about now?? You’re delusional!
Of course has never called the . HE’S the bad guy. - guys? Come ON.
You just need to stop lying and go back to being a bartender! Hyde is about abortion!
Loser
बाप तो बाप होता है!! 🇮🇳🇮🇳🇮🇳 Foul mouthed scum from is suddenly silent..
very clear you love you a scandal! How about firing because of your bad call in France in front of graves of the fallen? Maybe fired cuz &amp; have become American Heroes for eing !
Very disappointing... Hopeless! matches washed out due to rain. Cricket fans from all around the world distressed. Why ICC selecting the venue affected by weather for a World Cup tournament. ICC has to think seriously on this for the future matches.
C'mon Vlad! Spill the beans on what you have on ! Look at how scared Trump is! cc:
Most Unpresidential President! You’ll go down in history as a year embarrassment to the U.S.
Ken Dilanian, but isn’t everybody?
.. wrost world cup
Well done . What a great schedule!! The biggest cricketing action is washing out due to rain. Very poor from and We won't be calm if this repeats in most awaited indo-pak game. Be very careful!!
Mamta is pissed off at the doctor because someone told her their handwriting is more ligible than her artworks!
You or your children NEVER want to talk about the “killings” again. 🤔 So you don’t care to find the killers? You don’t want to protect others from this mass murderer still on the loose? 🤣🤣🤦‍️ You aren’t going to like your next venture.
Of course would support a Woman on her Knees! That’s the only way will likes them!
You should be in jail
Islam in mission from
The Bozo Bros taayer funded European Vacation. …
Lol..u amuse me But I'm done with you. Unlike u i have a life, i don't live in my parents basement.
Happy..... thought I was gonna say birthday huh?
wow. what a group of sickos
Just a reminder of what an arse Johnson is. He will never be my PM.
He's not even fit to be an American!
isn’t it time for you to violate your parole again?
R. Kelly is a Child Molester and Sexual Predator Lock R. Up!!
OJ, you are by far the greatest running back / murderer (allegedly) of all time! ? The killer is on some course
Happy ! A true ! Also, 🤘
go to hell ICC... we are not giving away anything !! Ask pakistan team to stop praying namaz on field first !! have some guts and back bone and stand up against this hypocrasy to ICC
Call themselves the most developed country in the world. Call Cricket as the national sport of the country. Yet cant cover their ground during rains in the biggest cricket tournament in the world. Shame on Shame on
You have to take this for exactly what it is. Trump is a traitorous POS. He only cares about one thing and it's not our country our it's people. He holds the highest office in the land by title only and he throws OUR country UNDER THE FUCKING BUS DAILY FOR HIS EGO.
lol 'has a little getting even to do' thankfully knife blades can't penetrate my twitter account
Zero Tolerance of WB Government led by . No law and order. Utter shameful. I request Government of India to take stock of the situation and impose Article for the betterment of the People of Bengal .
it was this woman who was a contender for PM post... Just imagine fate of India, if destiny had conspired to elevate her to delhi!
Just love, love , love (sarcasm) how GOP can say the exact opposite of what POTUS said and meant - then claim it's true, all with a straight face. It's abuse of power and it undermines our Democracy when we're lied to constantly about obvious things. and
in this melee, something remains unreported- who was this patient? How come he had armed hooligan 'relatives' ready for attack at late hour. Any Political connections? Unlikely there won't be
India's pride can't be diminished by a pack of British Morons Show your support for Change your dp.. awesome move!
John McCain = war hero, President Pinocchio draft dodger and traitor
True to character. RaGa Begins another term of buffoonery only way forward for the nation
Trump admin's case for census question is bogus
If Rory Stewart or Boris becomes PM, the UK is doomed.
Nowadays just want money nothing else. The officers are so weak in this institution that they can’t even take a stand for their country. For them money is more imp. Than country’s respect. Such a Shame that is
So, ? Shouldn't they fight back this? ' MP Ananth Kumar Hegde caught on camera beating up doctor at Karnataka hospital | The News Minute'
Yeah fake rape cases should be stopped but Asaram should't be released. He is a danger to the society. He does Brain wash of people and can create chaos in future.
If you make caricature of CM you will be arrested If you chant Jai Shree Ram you willl be put in jail If you stage protest for your rights you will be attacked But still in . ‘s Bengal DEMOCRACY is not in Danger &amp; Khan Market Gang is Silent
what a disappointment u guys are from now on let sub continents host the matches. below par organization skills,
They forget they're here to serve, don't they?
Isn’t that MURDERERs minutes over already??
Here's for , all his staff, Administration and supporters in who were defending his position on breaking federal law. Shame on you all.
Men's Unisex Anti Trump AF T-Shirt in Extended Sizes - Small up to x
It's not just his private life. He is a career list. So he cannot be trusted. And just because desperate Tories do doesn't mean the nation does
He was an informant for the government and it was started by the Republicans...who gave it to the FBI, unlike you.
I am sure that Trump had something to do with this as he would like to start a war. He is so close with the Saudi’s and they hate Iran and pay Trump well. This is a natural disaster caused by men and the man gives no care about other animals nor humanity.
we are an outlaw nation. shining beacon, no more.
Like Bush or Cheney?
Admits He Would Commit A Felony To Win The Election
Non supporters... (AKA non-idiots), will demand serve at least one life term in prison.
Despite of her all heroics in the past..sadly mamta di will be remembered as an arrogant,ignorant,desperate and miss mayhem for all time to come.
🤙🤙 Buy a today. I took the price down &amp; CLICK on LINK in my bio. Or PRE-Order a hat ! 🤙🤟 …
Okay. Hypocrite. Praise Jesus.
The behaviour of Mamata is akin to a stock trader. Having lost money in a trade carries out more for desparate win unmindful of the fact that he/she is losing more and more. Time to get a good advisor
Did they give you research on your opponents, or were you conducting legitimate state business? The fact that you don't understand this simple concept demonstrates how unqualified you are for this job.
Hiding in plain sight like all bullies.
Looks like durex doesn't do much business in Pakistan looking at this risky marketing strategy! Bloody brilliant! Still think India should've pulled out of after the issue but hell if we are playing, let's beat the shit outta Pak!
“The enemy of the people, Jim Acosta” At least he admits it.
Wts the stupid logic of sharing a point each by the teams which could not play match due to rain...? Stupendously idiotic. it is unfair change ur rules ,get reserved days to play matches which couldn't have played due to rain .it only helps the fortunate!
how much did you get to start a useless controversy against and ? Losers - we pay double to all the players in than what you earn in the entire World Cup -
That goes double for me of the United States I love America. and we shall rise once again. NO ONE get complacent hit those polls even Most disastrous. I wantt a newly elected President
More like a serial Is he kidding me? So full of himself.
Why spend tax $$ for feeding lodging &amp;health of convicted for the rest of of their life?? W &amp; a child they proved they r not human ..so they should b treated as such ..they each should be raped &amp; then killed publicly .. The End
Why don’t you call him up?
Getting even with who??? Encore going to be getting even by killing your kids too??
Trump shitting on McCain post mortem is about the scummiest thing I can think of.
No. He is and always has been a
They need to use it to block Trump's fat mouth
Because the cocks running the club failed giving us a point deduction tell me again how thats monks fault? Camp had more clean sheets last season than stockdale had previous year and as for the dvb he was class and is a blue
He's such crook. Good on for staying calm and not backing down. 'Little Wise Guy'. He sounds like the Mob Boss in 'Midnight Run'.
THAT is a total dishonoring of the flag!🤬
This tweet coming from a criminal...irony at it's best. and his vile offspring.
. Someone get him some water from North Carolina and force down his throat.
Oh shut up you , ! in blocking All Bills sent to you....
To the officer who called me today. Re pedophile Roger Wilson. Next time you’re going to lie about a conversation and slag me off; make sure you hit the red button on your phone rather than recording three minutes on my voice mail.
Too bad they won’t call you out on your lies and treasonous ways. Trump crime family should be locked up!
Oh my god, there are mashed potatoes where your brains should be. You vote for a man who claims to have fallen in love with DICTATOR Kim Jong Un, yet you whine about gay rights.
You're as delusional as ever. The economy sucks. No healthcare. Funding cut to Medicare, schools and Special needs children and adults. Your so called 'wall' is a joke. You are responsible for the kidnapping &amp; murder of innocent refugee children.
what a bunch of useless people working for . The whole frenzy of World Cup is ruined. Who elect these suckers
You disrespect the flag by publicly humping it &amp; this is what you speak about. Think you might check supreme court ruling. You also have no problem with a hostile dictator attacking our elections &amp; democracy Spare me your fake patriot raps.
Popular with who?? Not the press! Nor the people that I have spoken too!! lying again about his pet clown!! Sad to have a lying piece of shat like trump think that people believe him!
Don’t ya think it’s about time we started impeachment on this liar, he’s okay with foreign countries like Norway, NORWAY? Really?
Your own people keep information from you because THEY ALL KNOW you are an IDIOT!!!!
The pretending president says nothing. SMFH
is a and, Chicago, Illinois
🤬Don’t be a douche canoe! - - -
Omg he is having his cabinet suck off round table 🤢 dignity!
Wtf is so funny, bot?
Oh goodie, another Republican who doesn’t give a sh!t about the law.
Theresa May threatens to block Brexit No Deal as friends say she voted for Remainer Rory Stewart in Tory contest
Life in GITMO for traitor Trump and all the GOP co-conspirators!
Pure poetry Lea, it's the way you sum him up in one hashtag - - has a certain ring, I love it.
Trump has one objective. To stay out of jail for his crimes!
Prominent Cong &amp; JDS leaders names have figured in both Wakf Property encroachment scandal &amp; worth thosaunds of Crores. The so called watch dogs of Secularism brazenly looting Poor Muslims life time investment through various dubious ways.
Am I the only one who's observing that none of England's matches are being abandoned due to rain? Planned locations selected? Well played England. Just because you couldn't win it in a legitimate way...
Idiot Cricket Council - Did you plan the ICC Cricket World Cup assuming it will be played in Dubai ?
Worst world cup tournament...worst management.....
Offering Namaz by Pak in the ground allowed Balidaan Badge by MSD is not allowed? We Stand by MS Dhoni 🇮🇳 Shame on You
Trump brags about his illegal activity. He is an ignorant, cruel, fool. No news there. What is amazing, is how many people defend him, and do not see the danger in his talk and actions.
playing dangerous card game as divide n rule strategy. During Communist rule - Women card. During election n festivals - Religion card. Now Doctors protest - Language card. MEME-ta BAN-HER-jee herself seen as JOKER (Victim card)
You've been a all day, I'll be taking great pleasure in muting your ass.
EVERYTIME that imbecile leaves the US on a foreign visit my stomach turns because I know that to a great many around the world he is who America is. Such an embarrassing, oafish, obnoxious shitstain.
Hey, Jack. Yoohoo, yes you, J€rk Off!! What's with 's connections, eh? You two'se skimmin' are ya? Like you takin' as your personal cash machine? Is that it, ? got a ring in your nose??
Bring Donald to justice. He raped this woman, when she was . He's a serial long time .
Trump is a pathological liar.. He thinks most Americans are stupid SMH..
Pompeo is the ultimate sycophantic toad.
Agreed! is, indeed, the shit pit this country does not need!
Luckily, U.S. intel agencies do not trust . I hope our allies are recognizing the danger of trusting anything this corrupt administration says or does.
Double standard of icc
Wonderful! I'm always happy to follow more people working for the Resistence. Please take a look at my timeline and if you like what you see follow back. Be warned, I shout a lot. I really hate that diseased orange anal polyp.
Clinton got the majority vote. You got Russian help
Wouldn’t put it past him! The lies are endless!
Another lie by the Liar in Chief
Wonder no rain on match ! Will rain decide the finalist of ? stop ur nonsense. boycott
When you say white working class that voted for trump... You mean them white !!! Yall can make excuses for them racist &amp; but we know the truth bout them.
You obviously haven't read the report, what does Putin have on all of you, that you're willing to sell yourself and country.
When speaks I just naturally cringe
The dictatorial and nature nature of this is a ! Trump Ordered Dramatic Cuts To Eert Science Panels via
Men's Unisex Anti Trump AF T-Shirt in Extended Sizes - Small up to x
Unethical approach and pathetic management bu ICC nd ECB everywhere it's raining n England but ICC is sleeping and destroying f the biggest cricketing tournament
Trump probably didn’t tell McGahn literally to fire Mueller. He would have given the code word that he wanted it done, or speak to someone else about doing it - the typical MAFIA way. Just as bad.
Save the saviour
rejoices in the Trump presidency and all those who unquestioningly follow him.
, hutterflop hosting, worest world cup ever seen,
Where was when this brute display of religion was going on in playground? Has they got circumcised?
This portrait is more true-to-life.
this was a police officer?! &amp; this is his side job?! this kind of shit is a direct line to trump.he has fukd this whole world up. im sure it brings him pleasure to know he is as infamous as Hitler.. finally! something hes good at.. HATE
Can I just say that should I ever run for any sort of office (elected or otherwise), I currently have wife, children, cats and tortoises
Boris knew what he was doing avoiding this debate. Boris knew he would have been eed and humiliated! Boris knows. Boris base knows. Boris's financiers KNOW! Boris will avoid all these debates and outings. Why? Boris wants a NO DEAL Brexit!
How she is relating the doctors security issue with political issue.. i guess she wants to make it political...
is a bare faced liar. That all you need to know. Should not even be on the ballot. Shame on you shame on your party
Retweet this forever.
BJP workers being lynched,CBI officials heckled,PM&amp;Amit Shah rallies not allowed,Durga Puja not allowed,Jai Sri Ram banned,abusing the PM in the worst possible way,today she cares two hoots for her citizens health. What else is required to impose president rule?
Wasn't Nin guilty of 'opposition research', I mean along with everything else?
Channel leaves EMPTY PODIUM for Boris Johnson as MP snubs TV leadership debate
Shame on . On such a serious issue he is just sending a letter for solution. If you can't do anything, then have we elected you? We need a Central Protection Act for Doctors with proper enforcement. We need Central Action now. Prove your worth.
You're the one who's bad for this country. You can't be trusted!
you sir are a
Calling top country for cricket ground themselves But compare the covering th ground with indian grounds
Mitch McConnell’s Ties to Russian Oil Money – The Democratic Coalition – Medium
The same people would want Johnson as PM. One message: get us out of the EU. They don't mind racists, liars, misogynists, tax cuts, xenophobes etc. because that's what they believe in too. Johnson/ Farage is brexit on any terms for these voters.
You will get **NO FUCKING WALL**, Donny. Period. End of Story. If our Treasury, which you and your Crime Syndicate have so diligently raped and pillaged, can scrape together $7 Billion there are FAR more important things to spend it on.
Resources.. You do not have funds to run the country.. Tell our PM to take a bowl with himself in further meetings.. May he will get few penny..
See? Once you've established yourself as a and a thief, it's hard to get others to believe you.
please change the cup design as below for the edition
Hi Indians Will Mr. Dhoni today use controversial gloves being a patriot which are banned by ICC ??? If Your Answer is No, than start strike in india and force Modi and BCCI to stop Indian team to Play WC.
Caption Needed.
With no doubt this is a total insane and illiterate behavior.
lol 'has a little getting even to do' thankfully knife blades can't penetrate my twitter account
Karnataka govt published notification on English and Kannada news dailies in -Nov itself. But ROP people cannot read except Urdu , right?
Icc high on weed
East Turkestan In Seconds
Good build a wall around Arkansas!
WTF has he sent Rossi off for?
The Raptor fan waving bye at Durant when he went down is what is wrong with sports fans.
u have so much time to inspect players gloves but failed to checked weather before organising big cricket event like
can see badge but doesn't see the ground was not covered. Most developed Country in and call as the national sports Yet can't do anything for the biggest tournament. Learn something from
People having terrorism in their DNA should not open their mouth to raise question on patriotism of MSD.
The curse of Imran Bloody swine !
is fine bt the irony is tht it is still the single largest party in oppositn wth most seats aftr BJP. Also, all othr Non-NDA parties too endorsing fake At present, one cant hink on anythng evn close to an entity called as Credible Opposition.
Is it just me, or have others acted in good conscience by blocking O.J. Simpson?
Been putting off writing an e-mail since this morning. Don’t know why, it’s not like it could make me a lot of money or anything?
This never gets old. Fuck you you tired sick piece of shit LOSER
Don't forget!!!!! Donald Trump mocked and HATED George H.W. Bush, and % GLAD for his death. We must IMPEACH and LOCK up all Trumps to preserve the sanity of AMERICA!!!!
This POS needs to lose his cocky, self assured, fake smile. He is the murderer of people, and, a convicted felon. How sickening to see his smarmy lounge act yet again.
Look d sun shine during Match. It's a total conspiracy against all other team. choose their venue where chances r Zero. How come eng never faced Rain? CBI shud intervene n investigate against
Sure, the % would never have had their pockets bulge without around. Great job
Happy Thursday.
Took a shit at Trump Tower and purposefully missed the toilet. I'm a hero. Where's my holiday? — at Trump Towers at th Ave
Absolutely...all it takes sometimes is one stray look...a crazy could jump out of anywhere...I'd love to go to LA to see the Rams play, but no it's not worth the risk...one day I dreamt of driving coast to coast...it's sad what's occurred.
If wins , EVERYBODY knows it's Russian hacking. Everybody. Knows. YOU know it too🤬
/2 years?? Can you ever stop lying?
Why is Ima Jewels Scam isn't a national news No big media house is covering this news on big level The people of have been cheated in this Fraud We hate selected media coverage
. Gosh, it's almost like you don't want the interference to stop but that couldn't be it could it?
. “You are a nasty piece of work, aren’t you?”
says in a video he doesn't treat domestic violence cases the same as others. Also accused of comments &amp; bias. via
WE CAN SENTENCE A MAN YEARS FOR A DRUG THAT’S NOW LEGAL IN STATES BUT THIS MAN WILL ONLY DO MONTHS FOR A CRIME THAT HE LITERALLY COMMITTED AGAINST ANOTHER PERSON
Why won’t you safeguard our elections?
Donald Trump’s Medical Malice
'Look at his record in London..' We have Johnny, and it's atrocious.
And then Tucker screamed 'Remember The Alamo'.
IMPEACH TRUMP! WTF is wrong with you, you senile old man?! Trump tries damage control after offer to foreign spies
We dont need to check the birth date of a , if he is matured enough to then he is also matured enough to .....
called for the death penalty for the kids in Now You See Us .. this is trump. A racist piece of shit. America , watch that show and vote trump out !! Or better yet impeach the mf’er !!!
What a shameful . You dont have any problem with the logo’s of drinks, tobacco , cold drinks , Whichever is injurious to health but an INDIAN Balidan badge is a problem for u... Strange isn’t it ?
Clinton lied under oath about his extramarital affair. And he did it in the Oval Office. Disgusting human.
did this for money without any brains.England is hosting this time but where's the Preparations? It looks like of Swimming not Cricket! But in 's case they have time &amp; energy? I think thinks he's
Yes impeachment is legal, we have seen it before. You will not be the first president impeached.
Happily Queen dahlingsss make his day hellsss, LivingHELLSSS
ORANGE HITLER TRUMP CALL FOR MORE HATE SPEECH. TRUMP LOVES TO SEE FULL TILT CRAZY CRAP FROM THE KKK, NAZIS, GOP, QANON TRUMBO SEZ HATE SPEECH US GREAT SPEECH
Chris Watts is a jerk who killed his wife and his children then pretended that they were missing. He fake cried about how he hoped they would return all the while he knew that he killed them.
Today said he was for sale. His price is foreign info to win. This is
is definitely ! Convenient, isn't it Graham, that Trump backed out of the Iran agreement, even though there were no violations reported?! AND NOW, Trump has jumped aboard the , accompanied by Putin &amp; Saudi Arabia!
Her BODY /Her RIGHT /Her CHOICE FUCK! The Heartbeat bill
It sickens me to see it again.
So it’s crap because they don’t put shit films on for you?!
America doesn't want you to have a happy birthday president tRump. America wants you in JAIL!
Ok Mr....it is not a disaster because you cannot get the internet in the coffee shop
Cut the word racist out , it's old, used and has no meaning any more
Until I hear it from the actual Intelligence Agencies, I will not take the word of Pompeo or anyone in the Trump world. The Trump and everyone in his administration are liars and have been itching for a war. This is quid pro quo for Saudi Arabia.
Little, whiny just tried to come at me, and my post on IG. . I hope you all keep fighting the fight. I certainly am
$50 to put /4 tank of gas in my truck and $30 for two people to eat at McDonalds...but I got an extra $20 in my paycheck. Thanks Papi Trump.
Is treasonous &amp; an enemy of the people for posting their poll results about you failing?
COME ON BORIS ! LAY US AN EGG !!
Pic - icc on Ms Dhoni gloves. Vs Pic - icc planning world cup.
The only person talking about Sec Clinton is you. Fact is you are the failed businessman, you are the guy who broke laws, you are the one going to jail.
He is the only person I’ve ever blocked. OJ 🤓
talking shit tweet at end off tournament when were holding the trophy
Still Rain is top of the point table..... Poor Management By ICC
if u have eyes just observe him(M.S)
Johnson published a poem as editor of the Spectator in joking about the 'extermination' of the 'verminous' people
Dear , ur tweet is reflecting ur frustration towards the success of . Rather than saying 'BullShit', better u concentrate on coming Elections, hope ur party wil get reverse of in .
Hey ,what type of planning is this ??? Majority of your planned matches are disturbed due to rain in . Instead of concentrating on you guys should have planned it properly .
and should have some sort of communication will have two final on same day . How can someone be so wrong on planning such an important event pathetic planning
Federal office says Kellyanne Conway should be removed
Spanky, in between fart-tweeting and inhaling Nambian covfefe in front of Faux Fox news, I hope that you're practising your biglyest Nazi salute &amp; goose steps
Most of all, I'm disappointed. In the system In patients who've taken us fot granted In politicians who see this as an opportunity to talk religion or actually, don't see this at all In non medicos tweeting abt everything bt this
Could not afford a ground cover like this?
This Guy is a reported rapist and if you see him you should imedietly call the cops.
You’re no president. Stolen election, illegitimate , illegitimate scotus.
Your fragile pathetic ego isn't capable of handling the truth.
Couldn’t happen to a nicer guy.
Why wasn't not at the debate last night. Has he something to hide like his lies
Ground pe kya Kara rahe the
She never knew that she had been a . The Murder: A Gripping Thriller on Domestic Violence (Woman in Chains Book )... via
Seriously we need to hijack these rallies- buy up the tickets, go in with MAGA gear on and strip it off in unison with blue gear on underneath.
this is not the time to be silent, this is the time to make use of that foul mouth, i want all the eletives he can muster, I want the dirty finger because deserves it.
And actually impressed me also.
Perfectly said.... % agreed to Gavaskar Sir. Media has habit to sansitize every pity things just for
Yay! Oh yeah!
., union minister of health writes to all CMs- Calls for strict action against any person who assaults doctors.
don’t violate your rules then why u r showing your double standards ??
And this guy is a longtime GOP strategist. Those of us who already thought republicans were a bunch of shit for brains before Trumpelstilskin are much more pissed about the fuckeey going on in DC...
I saw a story on this and it was proven that he 'donates' his check one of(his own)charities.That charity then divides up the money in which it is funneled right back2 .You really think this greedySOB would give away his money???
Alan raped young girls! It’s time the truth comes out! He has lost it!
This is a VILE and REPULSIVE woman 🤬 Killing an endangered or threatened species is SICK and I feel she deserves whatever bad karma may come her way. Only trash does this then gloats over it.
GUILTY AS HELL
In Alabama, it's traditional for sheriffs who lose their elections to steal and waste money, destroy public property
Detroit police are looking for a possible serial killer and rapist targeting sex workers
Remember when we had a REAL President in the White House? Ah those were the days. via
There seems to be very little chance of avoiding the absence(s) of Johnson this morning.
Truly Sickening, I'll never forget the images of Nicole and Ron's bodies, this horrifies me that people will follow a .
Why do we have to have such a as President?
lakh doctors to participate in nationwide strike on th june... this is not good.
A war hero and a war zero
Hey Genius,a term is years not and we'll celebrate when your gone.Most likely escorted out in handcuffs!
should only have incarceration rights.
Hummm would like that. We can pull that trigger when aren’t in a position to use it against us, with terrible results btw. Hold that thought a bit longer, besides could possibly win another term before being removed from office.
We know he loves molesting it.
Concentrate in covering grounds not on hand!!
Try not to forget that this does not speak for the majority of the people in this country Guy. 🇪🇺
Wow, why not teach people how to PREVENT unwanted pregnancy instead of murdering the unborn? If you decide your yr old child is a burden, do you just say its ok to 'get rid' of them?
I will take a retirement if not allowed with army gloves . I Never watch any cricket match in my whole life. FUCK YOU anything not bigger then my country self respect
&lt;heavy sigh&gt;
The most diplomatic way of saying someone is a liar.... 'issues telling the truth'.
🇺🇸 I did not always agree with John McCain's policies, but I respected him. I believe he had the country's best interests at heart. Not President Pinocchio, who only looks out for himself.
Let's RoooooAAaaR!
After listening to the interview on I love you Rick
ICC full form Islamic cricket council
England: Indian Cricket team met India's High Commissioner to the UK, Ruchi Ghanashyam at her residence in London, today.
Happy Father’s Day especially to the father who buried the daughter you murdered, and the father who buried the son you murdered. Just go away you scumbag.
You liars are trying to start a war
what would you say about this?? So f**k o** with you comment on glove.
Kenneth Clarke: ‘If there’s no other way you’ve got to bring the government down’ The Tory veteran talks of his dismay at the ‘fantasies’ of the leadership race and his fears if Boris Johnson becomes PM
Read that second paragraph. The Pentagon and intelligence officials do not trust the POTUS
'I got a little getting even to do'. gotta ask, is that what you said that night years ago?
Of course he'll shoot his age! He cheats.
says what!?
House has to have guts to go after Trump
One witch down, so many to go.
Farishta, Jamna, Their religions are different but their fates r similar. let's completely detach rape from Hindu Muslim communalism. Rape is rape, let's look into this menace as a social evil. The country must unite to demand capital punishment for .
Nothing will ever make this not true.
Hope you go shopping for covers this weekend
America is now in the unthinkable position that is a 🇺🇸🆘🇺🇸🆘🇺🇸🆘🇺🇸🆘🇺🇸 WHERE ARE YOU, ⁉️
but there's just no point discussing it. Save your eyes &amp; ears. It's not our choice. This isn't democracy. We have more say over who wins Eurovision. Keep singing &amp; dancing until the Gestapo knock the door.
Waiting for the sisters. With pixie vibes I feel 🧚
Johnson 'He is Wodehouse’s style without Wodehouse’s plot; the well-polished novel without a theme.'
NOW THE BLOOD IS ON DOCTOR'S HAND
Repent, you devil.
'England's rainy weather is putting a damper on cricket fans' moods ️'
Does it matter at the bottom of the barrel?
And as always
is investigating for breaking the law over and over again
A billion Cricket fans waited four years to watch how it fucking rains in England
acts like such a badass then goes around reporting tweets as hate speech when they call her out for being exactly what she claims she’s so proud of. You’re weak, knock it off.
They are not human n they have no right to live in our society, u know wht, it boils d single drop of blood whn u hear rape of year, year , year , year old kids ...
years ago while, as I was a , I was waiting to collect information about a
Mamta govt. Should apologize to doctors .. everyone should respect them.. this is most prestigious job .. they work very hard to serve the people .. their safety is must
Sad reality..
MORE TARIFFS, DOG VOMIT DON, TARIFFS TARIFFS THE MUSICAL FRUIT, THE MORE YA TARIFF, THE MORE YA TOOT, THE MORE YA TOOT THE BETTER YA FEEL, TRUMPERRHOIDS WANT MORE TARIFFS AT EVERY GOD DAMNED MEAL TARIFFS MAKE AMERICA RICH
Who cares if . I live in the Rust Belt, work jobs make $10/hour in each job, no health care but I'm fat and happy to be working.
Yeh, your dad is a CARTOON!
Wasn't your grandparent a draft dodger &amp; 'undocumented immigrant'? Didn't your wife lie on her application &amp; overstay it? Funny how you hate 'immigrants' who pay more in taxes &amp; work harder than you ever have or ever will.
Norway Offers Campaign Dirt On Pete Buttigieg: ‘He May Be Gay’ by
My dog left something on the lawn he can have, but only if he picks it up. I wouldn’t piss on him if he were on fire, so I’m definitely not going to go to all the trouble of sending it.
Trump administration signals support for uranium mining that could touch Grand Canyon
Our rights are only % of the package The other % - our obligations Those who ignore their obligations shouldn't enjoy equal rights with functional members of society
I hope they eat her alive. She is guilty as sin &amp; has a hell of a lot of nerve returning to the very country where she committed her infamous crime.
Traitors and cowards.
Dear you may try removing the Army insignia from 's Glove, But you can not remove his love for nation from his heart! We people of India are with Dhoni always 🇮🇳
He can do a speech about sheep and sharks though
and you’re too busy checking up on what Blues fans are doing
No-deal 'would threaten the very future of the UK' says Welsh Government Brexit Minister
This are give resignation but they don't stop the service, in government hospital not in a private clinic or Nursing Home.
Shame shame shame..
Happy Birthday Cadet Bone Spur, I hope you choke on your cake. Signed all of CANADA
Too busy (scared) to join the debate tonight Boris? Or did your handlers simply forbid it???
I'm glad OJ is on Twitter. He will be able to know what it feels like to be annihilated on social media. His ego will not take it. I bet he'll be gone in under months.
Q: When will it rain money for ? A: When there is 'change' in the weather. ️️️️
This is how TMC MP of Murshidabad of has openly issued rape threats to the lady doctors.,,,
I wouldn’t trust Boris Johnson to put a lead on a dog, let alone lead the nation
This is Stan Kroenke. He says he moved the Rams b/c St. Louis is only a baseball town. However, there were more fans tonight at the Enterprise Center and Busch Stadium watching the Blues on jumbotrons than who watched Stan's shitty Rams teams in person.
everyone. t? I guess no one cares do you?
Happy !
Mr. Johnson Back at it Again
No collusion occurred in , but I'm open to it on ? Makes total sense!
FCKNG
I've stepped in things that had more integrity than Donald Trump.
Does THIS look like the face of a and traitor?
THE ONLY OPTION IS TO IMPOSE PRESIDENTS RULE IN WB. has bcum totally blind in her bid for Votes n Appeasement Politics. Won’t Attend Meeting Called by CM Mamata This Evening: Doctors
is a sick joke vehicular homicide who is friends with a real every dime the family made is Nicole &amp; .
Ya I think he already did that. And got away with it.
I counted at least 'tremendous' &amp; billions in Agolf's speech.
So if this can happen, I'm guessing that unicorns should exist. They are both impossibly inelicable scenarios you need to be aware of public opinion, and I don't believe it's in favour of Boris.
The President Of the United States just said that the moon is a part of Mars. AYFKM? 🤣🤣🤣🤣🤓🤓🤓🤓
lets be fair. EVERYONE mocked for this one. anyone who is SO tribal they defended this gaffe is an utter cretin, (and probably as well)
YouTube pastor who celebrated Pulse massacre featured in ‘Make America Straight Again’ conference
Faith-Based School Cofounded by Nicholas Sparks Accused of Homophobic, Racist Policies and Ideology
Glad Collection of Mana is getting a physical Switch release And happy and day lol
He is a and and wants to interview his idiot wife to get her sympathy
These are the same government doctors who have resigned from their post! P. S : this is not some private chamber or nursing home.. These are government hospitals
He's got a little getting even to do? Then he says God bless? Yeah I'm sure God would want him to spend the rest of his days on this Earth getting even with whoever he thinks Did Him Wrong. I'm hoping Twitter welcomes him with its usual razor sharp aplomb.
It's doesn't matter to them the tickets are already sold in advance month before..
A letter by to West Bengal CM on NRS Medical College issue. Bengal West Bengal
Fucking brutal. Oblivious to anything that doesn't effect him directly; classic narcissistic personality. is an embarrassing lout so out of his depth it'd be funny if it wasn't so disturbing. This fraud is our 'President'! It's goddamned sickening!
Chiii thuuu... really can't even handle that...? Reply my previous tweet !!
No. One. Believes. You.
Hos only chance of winning any election is if ALL his supporters show up to vote and the Democrats stay home. The 's dont lie. He's still sitting at only % support which is his base that hasn't moved. Pathetic actually.
should better focus on hiring good umpires rather than eyeing on Dhoni's gloves..
. As we suspected a shower of numpties. Wish had been there to show the full ridiculous hand the Tories have to play. So glad to have as alternative.
In India Thousands of Doctors Strike for Better Security Conditions
You’re a for what you are doing to America.
I dont think so. Jackie had style, class, bearing,wit, educated, career(editor) and damn good taste...Other Stiff ass mannequin, speech plagiarist half rate model. Sorry magas she was never ever a super model
Getting out of work in Times Square be like.
You forgot to thank Satan, but Mitch is close enough
Your lies won't win the next time around. You will go down in history as the worst POTUS of all time. Everyone who supported you will have to answer for their crimes. It will make Nüremburg look like a Disney movie.
- especially on his BIRTHDAY
If this isn't an impeachable offense, what is?
I despise people who defend him for ANY reason more every day! Won't even bother getting started on in how many ways this is psychotic!
ICC guys before planning WC
reveals new proposed Air Force One designs - Spend spend spend
He admits to grabbing crotches, mocks a disabled man, disparages a prisoner of war, professes his love for dictators, calls white supremacists fine people, golfs on the taayers dime at his own properties, is in violation of his oath of office.. what more do you need?
ICC trying to control Dhoni on gloves vs ICC deciding world cup matches
why can't mamta govt promise prob into lynching happened in a hospital..file FIR, catch them and resolve the matter as many patients are suffering and situation is getting worse.. Instead she is being silent and I m sure will blame current center for it..
Doctors doing their job well, treating Didi
That was about as insincere and fake as you can be! Nice job with the fake crying and sniffles! Lol
Maine governor signs law eanding medical professionals allowed to perform abortions
Kamala Harris: Trump is a 'clear and present threat to democracy'
Whoever came up with the idea of declaring today was genius! By the way, I hope has his worst and last birthday of his empty, miserable life.
So we can't get the cure now??? Shut-up, Joe. You sound like
You must be unaware that when old tattered flags are retired from service they are often burned in a respectful ceremony. Will this law make this illegal?
While violence, of any form, subjected on anyone is wrong, does anyone recall, IMA speaking up, when kids were dying, at BRD Gorakhpur, due to lack of oxygen &amp; the Ajay Bhist govt was arresting doctors, to hide it's own shortcomings ?
How can such a practiced liar as be scared of making a mistake in the TV debate and how on earth is he going to cope with the EU, will he just refuse to engage?
Who in the world would want to follow , who’s a psychotic self-deluded ? Oh silly question.. Liberals will do anything , that creates personal infamy..
I love how he pulls that bush league shit but remembers to thank his lord and savior before he crosses the plate. , .
Police officer at CMRI Hospital slapped a junior doctor in the evening 'without provocation' Do think the idea work in under chief ?
What KILLS me about this is that old Trump-sucker spent YEARS calling President Obama 'President Kardashian.' I'm sure that drug-addled fool has already found a way to spin THIS as a GOOD thing for Donald Trump. FUCKING HYPOCRITE
said, only yesterday, that drug addicts use food banks to fuel their addiction. She isnt sorry. And we wouldnt accept an apology anyway. The only thing we will accept is a trial.
“Happy birthday mister president” Above is one thing I’d never say to him and two words I’d never call him.
As if telling this is illegal will deter him.
While enduring the test of our public safety sirens, I can't help but wonder how different it would be if the candidate with the most votes was actually our President.
Your Tweet hasn’t gone down very well Matt. I’m not surprised!
People waited for years just to hear that the match is abandoned.. ! very poor planning , you couldn't find few days without the rain in years ! should be rescheduled if same thing happens.
haha wat een is dat toch ook... remembers reading the paper he wrote....
: ’s Foreign Dirt Bombshell Violates Oath Of Office .....
I don’t think Hillary Clinton voters are underestimating this. What do you think happened in ?? But her emails, she was a terrible candidate? No! He cheated!
Look over ds topic please...
and Board Has perfectly planned to spoil and Mentally giving trouble the other teams by fixing it on this june month. Which is mostly monsoon days in
He says that if you give your life for allah then you would got to jannat which motivates suicide bombers of many terrorist organisation
the Moronic Bully is Sabotaging the U.S. &amp; the World
I've heard the to hrs a day he works is really tough...
Those who beat up doctors,are anti-nationals.
If someone killed our president today, I would throw the biggest party ever! calling all Muslim countries, why not kill this guy now? Please...
Monday tens of thousands IMA members will abuse Elders and let many of them to die without medicine just to ensure more votes in Bengal for their party! ?!
June ,
That's right. You're !! .........and most
Thank you for being part of a dictator Govt in WB. You lost my respect, which you garnered since my childhood.
His highness a fugitive like Mohammed Mansoor Ali Khan who has cheated ,000 poor Muslim families worth of ,500,000,000$ amount &amp; he is in now Need your intervention they have broken financial backbone of Muslim need your support His Highness
She probaBLY did!
of the A P-plater who was clocked at km/h over the limit in South is one of the worst speeders in the state this year. nabbed the -year-old man going km/h in a km/h
Deaths of a vast swath of the population due to the poisonous policies of the .
post-convention, security background checks should be mandatory for any presidential hopeful once chosen by their respective party. just sayin'.
The time winner of the popular vote never “thought we had states”. What’s funny is that this is all you have. What’s sad is that trump admitted to that all politicians are as corrupt as he is.
Is Trying To Hand Democrats The With New Plan To Repeal
Link:
. CHICAGO ALERT Fears that a serial killer targeting women could be on the loose in Chicago. Murder Accountability Project presented evidence pointing to a possible serial killer in these unsolved strangulations
Remember to dance today!
I’ll get a restraining order on him and it wouldn’t work
That fucking bloke with the megaphone trumpet thing that keeps shouting no brexit on the news needs locking up, it does however interest me what means of employment he may pursue 🤷‍️
Khao, WorldCup Jao... Waha Baarish Hogi, to fir Brittania Khao...
Waiting for years for such a grand Tournament and four-matches are abandoned next time be focused on the venue instead on the wicketkeeper's gloves
and for !
StateTV Fox = pap and propaganda, feeding the gullible, unquestioning cattle a halcyon 'Christian' version of the career criminal sociopath trump.
This is who Republicans are. Not one of there *abortion bills demand that the man pay child support or at least % medical bills. Why? Bc it's not abt pro life it's about control over women. Georgia GOP give daddy rights.
George Will: Trump's 'public and constant' damage to country worse than Nin's
Stop!! Just freaking stop!! Every lying azz Trumpster is peddling the same phony narative!! Give us a break! You assume American citizens are as dumb as Trump and his plethera of professional liars are+ That ship has sailed budy. months of this BS is enough!
Stop lying.
You are the wrong person to make any deals with any country Traitor.
'S NUMBERS ARE DOWN!
Hey He MURDERERS people who disagree with him And that makes him your hero?!? WTF....you sad pathetic orange buffoon!!!
Anti Trump AF Coffee Mug
Welcome to ICC (Islamic Cricket Council) where Pakis offering namaz is peaceful &amp; obedient af.But Dhoni’s gloves with balidan(sacrifice) badge is offensive &amp; ‘against the rules’.
Too bad you are pretending to be a politician in real life. And it is too bad that the people of Ontario suffer while you and your lying boss continue to pretend.
Nice to see that a Schizophrenic Chamcha is hiding behind a Schizophrenic media platform. Two fellow Mental patients helping each other out.
Yeah, I know what you mean. The typical Twitter conversation is hardly intellectually elevating. And yes there is far too much about Putin's butt boy and his cult on Twitter. It's why I have to take breaks. They make me feel like vomiting ... on them.
Trump wants to paint air force . No doubt some gaudy over the top paint job. Hes got zero taste for a guy that thinks hes a design genuis. Its always loud obnoxious designs that he thinks looks classy. Leave it alone , crazy person.
Well done friends. Don't meet arrogant Mamta. Government must pass ordinance to protect medical staff on urgent basis.
That whole birthday ego stroke session in the rose garden, as that was looking around with that big smile on his face, was . 🤮
TRUMPERRHOIDS WANT THE SWAMP DRAINED - NOW ITS TIME TO DUMP TRUMP, THE IDIOT GRIFTER, PISSING THE FUTURE AWAY
Big breaking news massive vacancy in health care sector in Waste Bengal. mamataj banu will recruit civic doctors . qualification- TMC supporter Butchers from piss full will be recruited as surgeon. Apply now
Guys a bit of a
I’m not a fan of tv debates but what sort of coward and incompetent do you have to be, that you know if you have to debate you are likely to lose support??
Thanks for fund raising on the promise of Obamacare repeal from Republican voters only to screw them over by deciding it was more important to put yourself first just to screw Trump in a personal vendetta. 'preciate it.
Says the man who is just returning from a twitter ban youre all criminals! Impeach immediately!
Problem with people like you is they make generalized Statment. You should be strongly condemning for poor handling in to protect goons belonging to a tribe. Have some sense of right &amp; wrong at individual level.
How stupid can one person be? How is it possible that idiots like this are elected to public office? ITS AN ORGANISATION NOT A TRADE DEAL!!
You really don't understand the difference between legal oppo research and ill-got intel from hostile foreign agents?? No wonder all the stupid people vote for you.🤦‍️
Mamatha behaving like a dictator with tonnes of ego. Spoke irresposible way on a serious matter. Playing Appeasement Politics at the cost of lives of Doctors&ampatients. Resignation of Sr Doctors is an Insult&amphame for her. She lost Morally to continue as CM.
Ladies and gentlemen I present the overwhelming favourite to be our our next Prime Minister Mr . Do we really want a nasty piece of work like him leading us in into !
Donald Trump Welcomed to the U.K. With Video of Boris Johnson Calling Him “Unfit” for Office
Give them some of your vast amounts of money. If you can spend it covering up child rape, why not spend it on the starving?
Send him to hell already..hahahahaha
There should be only one punishment for , hang them till death in public. And the supporters of (religious or political) should rot in jail until they become Humans. , , &amp; all Rape Victims should get justice asap.
Single-handedly one megalomaniac &amp; personified egoistic monster passionately destroys one entire state; nation along with govt watch like mute spectators? India is positively light years away from democracy.
Who the fuck parks a transit on a corner like that...?!
cna be arsed way mr mhor tomorrow
hey James your music still sucks, anyone can come up with that “your beautiful” hahaha
Douchebag Ben needs to see a proctologist bad for a rectal exam. He may have pushed his butt plug up too far.
So is now on Twitter and it makes me wonder if his Tweets will make him a Twitter community pillar, or as in real life, a double murdering killer?
A clear hint to dynasty's scion that he must leave but their combination of monstrous ego+inferiority complex+little capability will not let go their vice like grip.
“the swamp” in Moscow trying to buy his way into Putin’s good graces and make some money.... so basically just like his presidency only this time it’s Treason 🇺🇸
On this day, we remember a man people respect. No. NOT the faje bone-spurred coward Today is ALL ABOUT WAR HERO
He. Is. A. LIAR.
Unbelievable... Trump goes on Fox and Friends and lies about what he said even though it's on video. And the Fox and Friends hosts know he's lying and sit there like moronic stooges. TRUMP IS A THREAT TO NATIONAL SECURITY!!!
shop: Benedict Donald so called president is a traitor Short-Sleeve Unisex T-Shirt
why does this useless sack of shit still have his freedom
Hey, Disgusting Donnie, I have exactly ZERO extra money to play the Stock Market. Pretty sure not a lot of people do. ┌∏┐ (•˽•)┌∏┐
That is why I feel nothing when same police kicks their own ass. Same had also thrashed veterans during OROP agitation few years ago, tore their clothes and ripped their medals. So yeah it's always
You are a dirty president.
Yep... We refuse to let the propaganda pushing influence us from throwing you out of office one way or another.
My b-day wish for ? May he choke on the most beautiful cake the world has ever seen!
This is shame, see what did when rain interrupted a match at Eden, entire ground covered, but U can't cover entire ground If get abondoned, surely v r boycotting England matches not getting abondoned due to rain
Trump: Witness to My Crime Can’t Testify, But Trust Me He’s Lying
Trump is a lazy, lying, cheating piece of shit grifter. And he's stealing money from my community.
ANOTHER CORRUPT GOP TRAITOR! THE GOP SHOULD BE BANDED PERMENANTLY FOR U.S. POLITICS!!
...flapping .....................
Ask the people of Scranton-Wilkes Barre, Johnstown &amp; Williamsport in Pennsylvania if their conditions are booming!Your a lot of hot wind, bluster &amp; broken promises Crooked Donald!
DEMS SUCK DEMS SUCK
You Know what they say The douche doesn't fall far of the bag To watch more check out the late show YouTube channel. …
Oh, BTW, you know you won't get a Twitter trend of 'happy birthdays' to you, right? Most Americans just want you out of the White House that you stole.
booooo... Such a disgusting venue..
OMG seriously trying to justify being a douchebag? No! You're illegally using a handicap placard I hope you get caught every single time you do it a $250 ticket
Guys I don’t trust this “Resister” so about to block him and I would be weary of following him or allowing him to follow you. Feel he is trying to bait... just a heads up!
He is so fucking embarrassing &amp; a fucking asshole
Lay off on all the Coke Trump and this could be you.
You are as and wicked seed of Tigray as that of illegitmate citezen , who has extreme hate towards Eritreans. We now know the dazed and confused slaves are in the same beds with all Previous Ethiopian emperiord who wanted to crush Eritreans for good. .
No Crooked Donald, you are:
It is the duty of the President to preserve, protect and defend the of the U.S. and yet morons in the Mid West (Ohio &amp;Iowa) continue to support . These states deserve to Rust.
A rapist lecturing on how to be a good dad. Mmkay.
Between McConnell, Barr and tRump can Senate, Legislative and Executive branches be any more corrupt, broken and criminal than this rotten unfit bunch of old white men are?
A trump level of stupid!
I echo those sentiments!! F
I just can't wrap my brain around the fact that shit has gotten this far. and the whole
No flag burning?? But wasn't it you, our Supreme Kkkommander, who stood on stage and dry humped Old Glory at CPAC? THAT seems pretty un-American as well!! Btw remind us where you stand on foreign interference in our elections!!
If we want to unite our country and our society, we should actually ask you to F-off our of it .
Boom like your fake attack on The Japanese ship you incompetent TV watching old nasty liar? Only way to get you up? Where’s Eric Prince?
Trump is just a straight up . He needs to save the lies for his wives and mistresses and Not the American people. Mexico Agreed To Deploy National Guard Months Before Deal With Trump: Report
Hypocrit ..
And they said Wenger lived in the past and only survived on his past glory... and You'd think during the closed season there would be more time for them to have sex rather then bash ozil/Wenger.
Are you guys bunch of j****s shameless creatures.Happily tweeting everything but nothing about abandoned matches!! ,And do you have any plans for coming matches?
Hate speech
One question. How come there has not been a drop of rain during england's matches? All day sunny and bright. and . Scheduled all england matches in accordance to the weather and neglected all other matches. And ecb can't get ground covers. FUCKOFF
Walking on Road A random uncle to me: Oye betichod Me: Haan Sasur ji.
Trump keeps saying he’s “joking” when he makes comments like this. No! He’s planting the seed in the minds of his cult followers, so they dismiss our Constitution and two-term limit for Presidents.
Joe Kernen finally said something valuable when he said 'I KNOW, ORANGE MAN BAD' TRUMP IS DOG VOMIT
Bloody brilliant
Mamata's inaction arising out of her unfaltering ego has made lakhs suffer Nationwide.She is proving to be a growing tyrant everyday.She is in panic,she is in fear,she is in distress,she is apprehensive b'cs she knows now is shrinking .
Right now I can that IPL has more trp than icc world cup. Icc became as useless as siddhu in politics. agree hit like
Your POTUS sinks deeper into his selfmade shitpool of stupidity as he condemns the London Mayor over deaths in hrs. TRUMP is GUILTY of ,000 in days. Donald Trump attacks Sadiq Khan in tweets over deaths in London
He is a Trumpian liar
The Fraud is occupying the Oval Office.
.. And Indian team is still using in World Cup even after all this humiliation... Shame on you BCCI
is an example - success can't be measured by money but the level of complexity of the journey He had everything to become a better person Instead, , he knows nothing except to commit a crime
indian Hospitals....shame on you government of
Networks are not interested in your fantasy! Fox is your platform! More interested in interviews after is arrested &amp; charged!
Because tRump and his ilk have MADE IT CLEAR PEOPLE FROM OTHER COUNTRIES ARE NOT HUMAN.
Livingston secured the Olympics. Johnson 'spaffed' millions on a garden bridge and bwater cannons. He cut the met police and lied about slashing the London Fire Brigade.
Early morning Farting exercise, organised by ICC for there loyal dogs
Um. Not sure what you are trying to imply. That you know your a horrible father but need recognition?
- I can get away with starting five
please stop using undue pressure on Indian cricket team. Remember most of your earnings come from also take whatever fine you want to but dhoni will keep the cup.
For all the assholes who don’t understand what fascism is, it’s literally on our doorstep, happening now at a southern border near you.
I wish your mother swallowed you! Fuck you and fuck your birthday bitch
They will never say that that would be a lie, their job is to report the truth. That's your job also, but you don't know how. You say the media has been against you since day , they report the truth &amp; you have quite a history!! Pull your big boy pants up, &amp; except it!!
Someone is dying for daddy's attention.
So has time to go to talk gibberish with Suman, FOR AN HOUR, but DONT HAVE A MINUTE to come to NRS Hospital and talk to junior doctors. Slow claps.
You could meme the heck out of this, but also it sits untouched pretty well too.
is not a liberal conservative! He’s whatever will give him a pay rise or more power along a fickle Tory continuum
is a dirtbag POS and an embarrassment to humankind
Boris Johnson on Gordon Brown becoming Prime Minister This mans HYPOCRISY is unbelievable
The English love a buffoon but the Boris Johnson joke went tragically wrong | News | The Times
Rudy.. you ARE Idiocy..
What pleasure do you get by killing a ? I dont think I am wrong in arguing would be the same feeling for a
Britain: (While colonizing the world) If We Don't Leave Your Country Today, We Have Reserve Day's ! Britain: (While hosting the Cricket World Cup) We Have Rain Day's ! इन अंग्रेज़ो ने आज भी परेशान कर रखा हैं!
I often hear Tories muse, a premiership “will cheer everyone up”. When your party looks like it is going to hell in a handcart, they reckon you might as well hurtle towards the inferno with a smile on your face
G E T O U T... GET THEM ALL O U T .
You didn't get this yet.? Its the party going on, nobody want to disturb this.
Simply put - lacks spine
So does everybody apparently relationships to their EX? And then they go too far to get the exact opposite but that's not okay either? moving on
Enjoying listening to try and backpeddle his comments about accepting foreign help and being a willing participant to !
is allowing to sons! is being by the .
KEEP on the Press .. they still won’t publish news AND Want to keep presenting TRUMP AS VICTIM MEME.. whaddya think about that IS TRUMP the victim in his $1.5Million payment for of OWN CHILD conceived on Ivanka lookalike?
We should start an ! Congress can get ALL the info and docs they need bc Impeachment Subpoenas can NOT be ignored! Congress needs to show the American ppl that , and ! Then Impeachment proceeding can begin!
Can someone please pull the insane a$$clown OFF the flag... he’s desecrating it! Also:
Criminalizing Freedom: The Attacks on Abortion Rights and Free Speech in the Age of Trump
Well then...Maybe Hillary should have sold them more uranium!
When you tell your mom you got into a political altercation with her lifelong friend and had to unfriend them. My mom is
That’s what warned us about!
Tumari sarkar me jaise sab perfect tha? We can see who is blaming more here !
Lonely Orange 🤡
OMG! ANNOUNCE THE OPENING OF AN NOW! TRUMP PRESENTS A CLEAR AND PRESENT DANGER TO U.S. DEMOCRACY!!!
He is very immature and lacks character. A good man would know how to treat a lady and move on without drama.
Why is NJ so silent on Trump’s statement that he is still willing to let Russia interfere with our elections? What does Trump have on Smith?
If Boris can't be bothered to turn up at a debate. Then next general election I can't be bothered to vote for him.
Any updates on this pension you think you're paying for me?
Of course she has a NASCAR header, and a red MAGA hat and not one ounce of sense.
Fantastic that does his best to prove politicians aren’t just flakey and out for themselves and have deep,rooted values! apparently he’s eyeing up the leadership
IMPEACHMENT HIM FINALLY...........i am sick of seeing and hearing his lies and bullshit-racist-braggings....FUCK TRUMP
i prefer 🤓🤓🤓
Ahh yes. The Tories are responsible for Ford deciding not to make any more engines. I get it now.
Oga Ahmed, I would love if the report you came to gave is that your friend couldn't know what to do with the head of the rapist but you guys are you way to police to hand over the Useless head, you will need all the support to back up what has been done. must die
Condemn a foreign power who attacked our democracy?🤔🤔🤔 ohhh, you must be talking about Benghazi. You rememember that right Hill? Where Americans were killed while you ignored their requests for help.
Isn’t this the had to school regarding I guess beggars can be choosers. at its finest
Why should tax payers money be used to feed and harbour such nasty dirty criminals??I forbid this order and ask for death to all of them coz am not ready to contribute my tax to feed such people abuser law minister of India
This gay couple’s neighbor has torched their car &amp; tried to shoot them. Police won’t help them.
Mr. 'No-Collusion' confessed that he thinks Collusion is OK.
Trump to America: Who’s Going to Stop Me?
Where's the garden bridge you piffle laden baboon? You were an embarrassment to the greatest city in the world.
This killer CM must be diagnosed soon before more ppl are harmed. She is protecting Muslim criminals at the eense of ,000 innocent lives in the state!! Is she insane?!?
Dean is a muppet, don’t be like Dean
Liar-In-Chief Authortarian State Propagandist 🥾Booted 🤡 No doubt, to work on the Campaign-to-Avoid-Jail full time. to Democracy Stand Up
Racist, lying scammer Boris Johnson starts his campaign to become prime minister and screw the poor today. I give six good reasons here why he should never be prime minister. Add to them using the hashtag Please RT
Terrorist Nation ?? RT for pakistan Like for 🇵🇰
running the worldcup for money??? No brains ... the first India Pakistan match to get washed out because of these fools
. The time has come to get rid of this . He is inviting once again. Remember, when they show you who they are, believe them!
LET'S GO DOWN YOUR MEMORY LANE!
Is espncricinfo handler Pakistani or aussie, his hatred towards Indian is just too much Pakistani don't boo they jump with suicide belt and BOOM!!
destroys for saying he ‘loves his country’ — with a barrage of examples of how he has betrayed America
WTF does this even mean? You’re losing this back and forth.
Sir, the only one guilty of TREASON is you. Stop letting Russia run America. Is accepting their bribes more important than DEMOCRACY? Really??
Hey Gil, by all means, do it again. Just don't risk others.
Best Rain Dance Party Ever June its Going to be another washout
G E T O U T... GET THEM ALL O U T .
To watch the video
Socialism... as you categorize it, is already here.
blew off a debate for British prime ministerial candidates. But the empty chair said a lot
Need of the hour trends and it’s a matter of honour n racist mentality of rule is rule and rule for all
you are a . God is calling you to repentance. You will reap what you have sown. How can you escape damnation?
Thanks a lot Trump! Can't even keep the nba title in the USA. First time ever!
July , Helsinki, Finland is all the evidence I need....
My father hasn't been a Minister in this term. Whole of Karnataka wants to know the name of this Minister who was so hellbent on bailing out the main accused in CC:
continues to try sooooo hard to remain relevant. is the only one who cares
Voter: Trump's lies don't change my vote
At this point, I think Trump is just rummaging through a deck of Garbage Pail Kids to come up with nicknames. Next will be Upchuck Schumer!
I'm quite sure that he would be beaten as hell by Performing against low profile teams doesnt make him a rockstar
This is how often we’ll be letting everyone know-9 days a week &amp; hours a day‼️⏱⏰⏳ It hasn’t ended‼️‼️‼️ Support to finally put an end to the torture &amp; murder of 🇨🇳 &amp; do it NOW‼️
Part of the Hitler Youth League. What do you eect.
If your avi is Cardi then your opinion is automatically invalid.
Peoples should and of any age. They all are also like Mother and sister. And should take strict against the and should make a law.
Oh that CombOver 🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣
We all heard tRump say it on television. So, he didn’t collude but given the chance to collude, he would. On the question posed to him about accepting forign intelligence on an opponent. “I’d take it.” - Donald J. Trump
Anyone who invites anyone else to attack America is a traitor. I think that’s fair.
Go. Away. Stay. Away.
Interesting you have Khloe Kardashian as your Instagram we know she’s your daughter.
So they look like you and your followers.
A tale of two gloves. . socked out and they complained to wale aaye khelne match fine worth it . Another failed a bouncer test. Kitne aadmi the ? Ek Nile poora Get well soon !
trial: of , , ?
Fantastic news, you’re ignoring your child on Father’s Day to golf with the one who kisses your feet the most .. He must be delighted to be the favoured one today!
History of East Turkestan
You’re so lucky you have a husband that everyone admires. He is your only saving grace. Shame Sarah doesn’t have someone in her life who could guide her. Happy
: Cricket fans worIdwide blast ICC after another World Cup washout
I think the same thing , always have , because he’s a sore fucken loser whom hasn’t a fucken clue what reality is ....Viva the revolution!!
A career politican quoting ethics. Now that is funny.
Murderous douchebag says what now?
LOL . If it wasn't so PATHETIC... it would be funny that you think you've accomplished so much. You've accomplished NOTHING... except divide this country !! You are the absolute WORST one-term, so-called President EVER
Once thought impossible, The Fake President gets more dishonest and more dangerous every day.
Final award. We all love him but hes our dick of the season. He sulks, he moans and he can play left back. Refuses to run the line and hes massive dick. Wears his cocks with pride.
But you can't physically attack someone on Twitter and lop their head off if they upset you, like you did to . You can't slash and stab here, like you did to . I'm not sure if this is the place for you ends in
Opinion: The NRA is the Godzilla of swamp monsters
We can only hope and maybe there will be a balloon of wearing a dunce cap! .
Some record labels Owners can kill Talent sha.... Awon
DId you find the real killer yet? Can we get an update on your investigation?
With an eye on a job in a Johnson cabinet, Cleverly positions himself as a thoroughly decent chap to deflect attention from Johnson’s cowardice which is plain to see.
Good Riddance Lyin' Sarah Hucka-bye! You will never be believed again. You're guilty of aiding the with your own to the American people. Shame on you! is a demon! 'bigly' mouthpiece
It's really shameful that will not be hanged
doctors have resigned in but democracy saviour gang is still dead silent....!!! Wake up
Umpires in ICC world cup
Ya to barish hoti ya, match non exciting , one side hota hai... this world cup is so boring this year.
BYE BYE !!! Leaving a sinking ship I guess LOL, please take -- how who is the orange cheeto going to replace with the LIAR !!! Another Liar I am going to assume...
Keep trying to walk back your comments, traitor! The need to condemn and admonish you. Enough is enough. It's time to put country over party and put you behind bars where you and half of your lousy family belong.
All these are allowed but was wrong!why?
Do you mean doctors deserve to die?
What in the is going on here??? We’re all doomed
HAPPY SENATOR JOHN MCCAIN DAY!!!
Correction....Succeeded in re-branding today as because .
Anyone who invites anyone else to attack America is a traitor.
Someone's Ego Got Butt Hurt!! LMFAO!!
What a great tweet to start the weekend!
Prove it. oh and
can use her to cover the stadium...
G E T O U T... GET THEM ALL O U T .
Trump’s Electoral Shenanigans Are Getting Worse
Mamata didi and her goons are terrorising doctors across the state yet no left leaning self-certified liberals are calling it 'terrorism'. Remember, the motive is political and target is indiscriminate. That qualifies as terrorism.
Hey , she holds the purse, good luck get funds for 's pet products. Oh and happy , say to the cow (sorry ) .
See who funded the ! You may be surprised. via
Protests in Part : for
In .......... get rights. So a teen Raped by their , can't get an but they MUST let their see the child.
Happy everyone!! I will spending it remembering a true hero.
Ali Catterall's take on it all ..
perfect plus add lbs.
Our is more worried about a few stabbings overseas, but is blind to the s of deadly shooting in the U.S. every week! Do your job Trump - you are the disaster!!
was an American treasure who inspired millions of Americans and made us proud. Melania is a Russian whore. 's left over.
should be and there should be .
Given his track record, hiding is a smart PR tactic.
Great parliamentary quotes of our times.
There is a saying .. 'Vinasha kaale viparita buddhi'. This applies to perfectly.
Perjury Imminent After Transcript Of Interview With Kavanaugh Accusers Is Revealed
On a flight to Lanzarote , pilot said Wales had won -1. It’s all about the bantz with them lads.
Great round up of last night's televised debate by . Can we say that democracy is dead yet? Silence is golden as Boris's lectern wins Tory televised debate | John Crace
working on his final and biggest bankruptcy ever, buhleave me! before he
Really only one response to Trump at this point. TRAITOR
Years of hard work to be just worthy of that WHITE COAT. Instead of saving the public’s blood, it got stained with MY OWN
AIIMS Resident Doctors issue ultimatum to West Bengal government; say if demands not met within hours, they will go on indefinite strike..!!
Good morning my lovelies!
THE has RAPED THE CHILDREN of the WORLD &amp; MURDERED them have EXTORTED THE WEALTH OF THE WORLD WHY DO YOU ALLOW IT?
White House Washigton DC
Almost Father’s Day and all I want is a hug from my dad and I can’t even get that.
Ways and Means Committee Chair Doesn’t Want Medicare-for-All Hearing to Mention “Medicare for All”
Now as a protest,. should wear glows with insignia and pay % fine.. all problem solved.
I think Rain will be top on chart and we can see it on FINALE also
No threats to as fabricated by
If baahubali would have played world cup
Dems call for impeachment over Trump’s election comments
Doctors of west bengal do not wish to meet d injured doctors and she don't care about them as well as do not wish to take action against the accused.
You sought information from a foreign adversary that was obtained through illegal hacking, different than talking to the Queen.
Doctors in India = Mandir ka ghanta Stop treating us like this
What I cannot understand is how the GOP continues to turn a blind eye to and continue to support him. He admits to illegal actions to win at all costs. The GOP sold their souls when they nominated trump. It's all about making profits.
He continues to make money off his position in violence of the emoluments clause. And just the other day he said he would break the law in receiving info about a political opponent. He's a con man and the average American is his mark.
Nothing less than this
Dear people saying, Doctors deserve it 'pitne do saalon ko..' We wonder what would happen, If we said, 'marne do saalon ko...'
rain ruin the WC.
I saw a portapotty full to the top at work today &amp; thought of you trump &amp; I realized something. The full portapotty has less shit in it than you &amp; it does it's job well. You could learn from that.
people, we have to stop this fake activist troll from ruining our movement.
He published poem on 'extermination' of 'verminous' Scots
That’s how are treated in Dubai -Full &amp; Final on the spot with in minutes. should bring strictest law for Rapists to set the precedent. So that, no one will ever dream to even think of raping &amp; Law should not be gender biased
(1/2) Rain stops the match ICC : we have rain insurance Onto the next match This is what does. if you can't organise Match you must stop calling yourself the apex body and relinquish those rights to someone capable enough like or
´Super Ruperts´ : yes. The donkeys, as in ´lions led by donkeys´.
Layleen Polanco is the th trans woman found dead in U.S. this year
This is very poor planing of world cup
It's Getting Pretty Hard Not To Get Ejected From A Game Ángel Hernández Is Umpiring
Twitter: is Trending ICC: Wtf? WHY? Indians:
We have more and in parliament then we have in prisons and we are supposed to trust these people they bring in laws we have to abide by but they then break
Truly funny: you say it happened in but THIS is a Rush. Do you see the irony in your hesitation?
Trump’s legally problematic claim that he’d accept “oppo research” from foreign governments, elained
is washed away. Poor Management.
Doctors turn down Mamata's invite; demand apology
And you’re a
Dear you better concentrate on umpires who are sooper in last match ..No balls ni choodatledu ra ayya..Niku Dhoni gloves gurinchi enduku Thanks supporting him
She blocked a bill that would make what’s already illegal, illegal. It is illegal to accept any foreign help in an election campaign. You broke the law &amp; you said you’d do it again. What good are laws when the president himself is more than willing to ignore them?
So maybe McGahn should tell Trump that he's now decided to comply with the subpoena and he's going to answer everything the Dems ask.
and then the magic happens.
This is the face of fascism coming to America! Remember he also signed bibles like he’s the second coming of Christ.
I can't believe even this turned communal. Doctors of all religions are protesting. We aren't divided. Were the rest of you sleeping earlier when other attacks were perpetrated by Hindus? Or was it not convenient for your narrative earlier? Stand United please
what can possibly go wrong with someone wearing a glove with a logo which means nothing to you but everything to the player what would have happened if he had a tattoo of the same .. what u would have done .. enjoy the game and stop being kejriwal
And we all know what a good judge of right and wrong trump is.
Not only are you a slob physically but also morally and ethically. You are making a flimsy excuse for murder. Why not encourage support for women who carry their child to term and offer adoption alternatives to loving couples instead of taking the easy way out.
Shoutout to blind PTI followers. Read and understand the level of deception your druggy captain sold you! ِ_اعظم ِ_انصاف_قاتلِ_انصاف
What a poor advertisement of Hope same thing happens for match. deserves it. Poor Schdule, Poor Ground conditions, Poor Rules &amp; Regulations. Important tournament is wasted.
He left his hotel, airline, “university,” steak scam, vodka scam, wives, children... etc.
U.S. will examine North Carolina poll books for election hacking
GOP = Guardians Of Putin
Pee pee tape
Trump is reportedly in denial about his campaign’s bleak internal polling
You are a joke.
I’ve said this elsewhere but oj is absolutely KILLING IT on social media these days. He is ABSOLUTELY SLAYING it.
Despite all your corruption we will be great again once you're out office and in jail where you belong!
Well this realisation only is not enough, we didn't start it . All we want now is a safe and secure atmosphere to work in ️
I am 🤢 with having to hear that hag Conway!
is a DRUNK AND
Sometimes, just sometimes, I wish I had the intelligence of a 't. That way these times would be filled with blissful ignorance as I support a man who lies to my face daily while working against me. Unfortunately I am not a fucking moron. So I see it.
Thanks for 'eing' Jon Stewart as Jewish
Once Upon a Time was know by the name of land of ' RABINDRANATH TAGORE ' But now has become a LAND of A Dictator &amp; psycho she's Destroying the Culture &amp; Heritage of
Documented having spewed nearly ,000 lies in months. Honesty.🤣🤣🤣
Happy John McCain day!!!
Trump is functionally illiterate🤡. Does he know relatively few Jews vote Republican + few voted for HIM
day. That’s not a trend, that’s a fact.
I live in a world where it’s possible could be prime minister and is actually a president. What the fuck is going on 🤷‍️
Deranged display of fake patriotism. Meanwhile and Dump sell the country behind close doors to highest bidders.
Y does he look a twat least he stuck to his word , all he needs is the date underneath n it’s a memory of the night
We don't need to check date of birth of a
has over K followers? That's is sick.
As I always said, the deals b/w Zameer Ahmed &amp; Mansoor Khan is out, many other bigwigs are also part of this scam. I strongly demand the investigation to be handed over to CBI, which is the only ray of hope for the thousands of victims of .
The Orange Man-baby is Public Enemy Number One! When will his Moronic Supporters get well?
Boycott ICC World Cup mean for international chutiyapa council
Can you support the March for Change on July ? March against Boris ..
When even one of your closest allies can’t defend your reprehensible words.
Zaghari-Ratcliffe’s husband 'resented Boris Johnson'
you have ruined the tournament. Never ever try to organize it. Better take some management lessons from .
That is how most people including me are feeling that today is that SOB Trump birthday lol.
Trump's impeachment poll numbers highest since Nin
Pic :- Indian grounds pic :- Others grounds
I hope I live long enough to see be president.
Good riddance to that heffa she beast.
ICC Rain World Cup 🤣
US embassies defy tRump administration's ban on Pride flags
In a driverless future they won’t drive
Dekha It takes them less than a minute to drag and justify it. Innocent cop my foot. Same police was killing random Sikhs and brought mobs to do the killing spree in .
IN WORLDWIDE : DEVIL POSSESSED SEVENTH KINGDOM DONALD HAS BEEN FOUND GUILTY OF AND HAS BEEN SENTENCED TO ! TRUMP HAS BEEN ORDERED TO TURN HIMSELF INTO THE LEGAL AUTHORITIES TO BE EXECUTED
ICC doesn't allow religious and political activities then WTF is this. Lt. col.Dhoni Wears Army insignia for Pride🇮🇳
R. Kelly is a Child Molester and Sexual Predator Lock R. Up!!
Yeh World cup ho raha ki Baris ka World Cup kuch Samajh me Nehi Araha link. . watch, like, subscribe &amp; Share
Happy Birthday Traitor!
Thanks Tuttle. Honored beyond belief.
WARNING: FLASH Stupidity is never part of a solution, it is always part of a problem Stop treating as equal
Dear &amp; u have arranged such a big event can u can't provide indoor stadiums for cricket or spend some money to cover full ground so that as well as rain stop game can resume
Because you knew NO ONE supported this stupid idea!
Because there are no consequences to individual . He basically advertised for free on TV that he is open to foreign help. Case by case, using what criteria? 🤔
Watching the tonight I can see will appeal to disenfranchised Labour voters &amp; many now floating Remainers if he can fight his way through this scrum to the final .
MPs who support a candidate with serial misbehaviour to be PM ( ) will face the music when they come for re-election. is the blankey blank candidate who can't be bothered to defend what he is suppose to stand for, so why back a blank brain?
Tombs of Republic's exiles who died in Japan.
Proud of my fraternity!
Protests in for
You need to learn to use on your tweets. Then we will be able to find you right away!
This is reality of punjab m also in punjab in amritsar Ares and here is always this problems where is jo har relly mein chilllata tha
There should be proper planning for the matches that have been washed out in the rain. One or two matches can be considered but when every match seems to be washed out then what should be said about ICC
Opinion: How Trump is abandoning LGBTQ people over pride flags
ever in cricket. Umpires , rain and now this . Domestic tournaments are organised better than this
And people wonder why the pillock didnt turn up? Here's the answer. He's an embarrassment.
All I’m saying is that when Obama was president we never lost to CANADA on basket ball …
So... he just admitted that recidivism is obviously another problem we’re going to face.
Update after hours in ER; diagnosed with spinal stenosis &amp; off to see a neurological specialist &amp; hopefully put an end to pain eventually! Oh and &amp;
Nobody loves him who has principles
I missed the last minutes, but that guy was a
, seems like is supporting Muslims I suggest Surgical strike on ICC. What is your suggestion on this?
You’ll never win the election “fairly”. You don’t know how to play fair. That’s why you had Russia help you. You’ve probability already talked to Putin about helping you this election.
Did he just get a new paint job...on his face?
finds new ways to pressure amid trade impasse
has a wicked small . It's so small &amp; short he couldn't even bottom out in 's belly button.
The secret behind the game.
How to become a . Gather here.
Okay, so here's the thing..if trump can hump the flag then burning it should be cool. In fact I hope the flags he has humped HAVE been burned.
Trump's not even hiding his white supremacist views anymore. Why? Because his sycophants adore him for it. And Republicans are spineless enablers.
What an idiot. As If... 🤡🤡
Whatever. Dude still licks other players.
has a racist governand lt governor both
These bunch of jokers have no vission, no mission, no dedication
The US military is not briefing the Deranged Donald Trump on major cyber warfare operations against a hostile foreign power because they do not trust the president not to betray those operations to that hostile foreign power.
IN WORLDWIDE : DEVIL POSSESSED SEVENTH KINGDOM AND DONALD HAS BEEN ORDERED TO TURN HIMSELF INTO THE TO BE EXECUTED FOR AGAINST THE LORD GOD
The Trump administration is putting LGBTQ immigrants in solitary confinement
And by that time you will hopefully be behind bars.
Companies, Trade Associations Plead With ⁦⁩ To End China No Don’t Stop bc of companies, will use excuse for failed will say I almost have (not) the Chinese to change (nothing) Sad
You are a
Complete BULLSH*T! Stop insulting our intelligence! Call out! who betray our country and his oath of office
I am very disappointed in for having a like Jim still working for them. He 'allegedly' raped a woman in college, and they ignore it. Typical liberals. 'Do as I say not as I do' and 'nothing to see here'
Then DO SOMETHING it is time to impeach the traitor - criminal. By doing nothing you are an accomplice to the destruction of our democracy!
Way to try and normalize that nasty bunch of grifters I don’t care do you? “it” Can’t wait for them to leave the people’s house.
. is just a tired Leftist made rich by eloiting violence and glamorizing misery (and smoking).
This is a load of ! Your supporters are NOT smart...cause they still support YOU! And this is NOT your approval rating!
Now available - one hand written, hand signed letter and envelope set by convicted serial killer Jeffrey Dahmer.
You changed your name for an idiot. Think on that. GOP = Guardians of Putin
Worst world cup series ever had. never ever try to organize world cup series again.
If you win?? You’re not even going to make the debates, you little zero percenter, you...
And YOU had NOTHING to do with it! If they're so great, why do you keep selling us out to and ? Oh, right. Because .
As we approach The th Anniversary of D-Day, we have a who plays golf with all of our tax money ... Just remember this is what this is doing with our dollars
Our narcissistic president is an embarrassment as a human being, yet he represents America. I am ashamed! His interview on ABC was unbearable to watch. Lies, lies and more lies. He can’t even show respect by looking at people that he is talking to.
I'd blame it on autocorrect. Every time I type in the word '' it replaces it with '' so it does get it right sometimes
Bojo is a dessembler extraordinaire , call him on his lies !
shop: Benedict Donald so called president is a traitor Short-Sleeve Unisex T-Shirt
Worst World Cup Ever !!
If anyone has committed Treason, it's you !!! rally
Killary is a damn criminal and a Jack the Ripper!
The likes of Donald Trump, Mitch McConnell and Lindsey Graham are the lowest form of life and they are raping this country and trying to destroy democracy they must be stopped!
It’s in a troll hole. Russia is a shithole that’s going to be in a world of hurt in January , .
Analysis: Trump lies more often than you wash your hands
Chal hatt supporter BJP KA DALAL
Arrogance, fear, knowledge that he is an embarrassment when the reins are off and the carers can't control him.
We get it — you’ve given out the talking point that the prez is not bad - the Steele dossier was the same thing. It wasn’t, you know it—but it’s the only thing you can say - the President is a traitor which you also know but you and McConnell are in to deep.
Donnie Dementia is weak, ignorant and easily manipulated. The world us watching and laughing at America.
Sheeple. Clowns always have a crew.
No freedom of press in us anymore, death sentence for the chef of WikiLeaks, and that's only one thing. SHAME ON EVERYBODY WHO VOTES FOR TRUMP. Forreal who would vote for somebody like him after informing themselves for just minutes
Mohamed bin Salaam - , . Iranian Clerics - , Donald J. Trump - defends murderers, infamous , habitual liar, , . See the problem?
England cricket board bribed the and got their matches scheduled on a clear day. Of course with technology could have checked the forecast and planned the stadiums and days according. England cricket wanna win their maiden cup at home. Loser country and
Pompeo is distracting and lying to shift attention away from trump and his crime family!
F that MF
that too Big shame
bcci are bunch of useless fat cats. Incapable of anything.
The Orange Dotard can't even spell diplomacy. The only things he's killing are truth, the environment, the rule of law, the economy, the GOP, and America's world standing!
Disgusting 🤢
is a pathetic The sooner he voted out the better
Trump can't help but lie, even when the original lie was found to be a lie and verified a lie by others he'll stick with the lie. It's his world and his lies and his bubble.
Yeh sirf meeting me jane k lie humne pradhamntri chuna hai yaa kuch action b lenge aap How shameless is bjp that it cnt even save its own karyakarta... Thik thaa congress tha. Itnaaa violence toh nhi hota tha..
You will never be re-elected
How about IMPEACHMENT and Birthday in jail. More fitting. Make America Happy Again.!
That is % BULLSHIT!
I thought this POS was in jail still? Hope he ends up broke and alone!
. . I’m the . Bad day and took it out on and . should look at the scroll! You know, read before you leap. My apologies. I’m a .
don't keep on bullshitting every complain coming your way...this is most wrost WC ever that has been conducted.
You are a murderer. We will NEVER forget. You will get your justice when you meet your maker.
Dear World, Meet . Cowardice personified A fraud Like the man behind the curtain In the Wizard of Oz A master of manipulation, lies and deceit May his grasp on be short-lived deserves better We all do.
Man, it really wouldn't be the worst thing if this traitor dropped dead anytime now.
I sat and laughed at least five minutes. You gotta call that move the because it’s not PC to call it the . Also, the latter wouldn’t fit !!
In honour of , truck fump!!
That’s a whole ass chicken
- Islamic Cricket Council
YOU ARE A STAIN ON THIS COUNTRY'S HISTORY. YOU SHOULD BE ASHAMED OF YOURSELF AND YOUR ADMINISTRATION.
shop: Benedict Donald so called president is a traitor Short-Sleeve Unisex T-Shirt
happy birthday hope you enjoy your day ! Because this is going to be your last as a Free Man .. Jail time is waiting for you !
, IS the foreign threat. He plainly stated he’ll choose foreign adversaries over democracy “because why not”. You have a sworn oath to defend the republic. IMPEACH HIM. DO IT NOW.
R. Kelly is a Child Molester and Sexual Predator Lock R. Up!!
BoJo the COWARDLY Clown! It's heartbreaking to see the UK disintegrate into a joke country!
Trump is the Prince of Hippos.
Those that deal in the superficial will ALWAYS be easily conned by Psychopaths. is an idiot. Definitely being played. Isn’t the US lucky?
why does Gabe Kapler look like he just needs a good ass whipping?
He’s a
Repellent, chaotic and a serial liar, Boris Johnson would be a catastrophic prime minister
Isn't this about a bitch? is a sho WILL try to start a war with Iran. It's very simple. There are no boundaries, no step to far or throat ge won't crush to keep that title.
Water is wet - Republicans are homophobes
Don’t you love dumb people, you can manipulate them anywhere you want.
WHEN YOU SAY 'ALMOST EVERYTHING' they are saying is the opposite YOUR ARGUMENT FAILS YOU SOUND LIKE THE VILLAGE IDIOT
Yeah right.Zampa’s bowling has been sooo incredible in this game I personally thought he’s just spending too much energy playing with his nuts! Look forward to your ongoing conspiracies every time a player puts his hand in his pocket for the rest of the tournament!
, catch him and hang him by the .
My cousin is a fucking dumbass, she brought her kid to a family lunch who spread his gastro around the whole fam but thinks it was food poisoning!! YOU CANT FUCKING CATCH FOOD POISONING DICKHEAD 🤦‍️
Decisive response should be to bomb MBS
W/thoughts like what this fraudulent uttered indicates his desire to be WAKE UP America, this will not happen on our watch. Vote this bastard out via the biggest ever!
We wait for Years to watch this Shit! Matches abandoned without a ball bowled, don't you feel ashamed of your planning ? I feel sad for as they missed chances because of you. Please Order Chullu Bhar Paani from Amazon.
God this guy is ...
I hope you ee her for the racist, fascist-enabling, Slovenian prostitute she is.
to be hanged at any cost.
This is so much bullshit, that I laughed out loud! This motherfucker has treated the Oval and taayers, like an ATM! He’s violated the Emoluments Clause, REPEATEDLY! It’s the only financial endeavor that didn’t end in bankruptcy. It will end with a prison term though.
Wow! So you really did drink that Kool-aid . I guess there is no cure for stupid, though.
I dont support any kind of Mob Violence, Doctors deserve safety and protection. But the way BJP leaders and Sanghi trolls have communalized Bengal doctor issue and AIMA went on strike, It is important to ee their hypocrisy. THREAD Read it /n
I know weather Gods no one can control...but better planning should have been there ... also there was a hue n cry for India playing Pakistan earlier... no one officially commented ... But God may do his bit !
Can you ask him why were giving welfare to farmers when there are plenty of jobs, and while they are receiving their socialism Russia is making money hand over fist selling their crops to China and so are you
Dear Sir, We request please legal pre sex determination as govt. Is unable to control these bastards so we don't want our child as girl when you will be able to control these we would be happy to born ..
Here’s one of your lot telling us about the lying incompetent homophobic racist
Thank you, Vietnam! But unfortunately, . and his cohorts have been paid off by China to the detriment of the Filipino people.
is a one sided affair all the time. The hype gets created by The fact is, , or is no match for proved it today. slap from a real father!!
PRESIDENTIAL HARASSMENT: asking for his birth certificate for YEARS !!! while hiding his own
The Pentagon didn't have 'the courage' to tell you about how they're ramping up cyber operations on your boss man, Putin. They refused tell you anything about it because they knew you'd stop it.
Listen 'de Pfeffel': Ireland will not allow the 'backstop' clause to be dropped because doing so would be as big a threat to the country as Britain leaving without a deal, Leo Varadkar has said this morning..
If you're the kind of person with a vanity plate that says 'TED TLK' on your Tesla, then you're probably the kind of person I would enjoy running over in my year old Hyundai.
They heal, operate, diagnose We consider them a part of the second God cosmos This is so appalling, shameful and gross We need to bring this violence to a close
Among all this no one is bothered or talking about why on every big or small incident invovling a muslim, a mob of -300 MUSLIMS assemble &amp; breaks the law at will? in India.
What in the HELL is WRONG with ? State law FORCES to allow to ? F,,,ing SICK! till this CHANGES!
Do NOT question our humanity.I dare you to broadcast this,though,of course,you won't. They are Indradeep, Amresh&amp;Chinmay of final year(4th year).
The secret behind the game.
Dear You should have reserve days for WC matches. It's a WC match not u'r regular dy matches. It comes after year. So u should be more vigilant while choosing venues. You should apologise from every cricket fans for this mess.
because
If such situation happens in India then whole world will blame us for our management,but currently it is in England so no one is saying anything. Guys We need to make these hashtag trend so that they can realise there worst management and wrong decision on M.S Dhoni.
Brexit Boris Johnson
What a fixtures for England? All of there matches are happening in sunlight conditions where is the bloody rain now🤔दाल में कुछ काला है
When will you / stand up for Doctor community - they work without thinking of patients religion / caste tirelessly (like you they practice sabka Vikas...) shame on you !
Trump’s gaslighting us once again and he’s lying as usual, so what else is new!!
We know the real too, and America can't survive four more years.
Kiss harder Mark and you might get a job in with the other jokers in the cabinet.
Not only in Kolkata my friend. Take a look at where are raping, killing and throwing doctors in the river!
. Retweet if you agree.
Says he's sick of having sodomy shoved down his throat, That's not how sodomy works man. Freudian slip I'm guessing.
Dear . This is in a village in We came together on a beautiful June day when we had more enjoyable things to do because we know how important it is We are tired of all the winning.
Do you think Mamata Banerjee should resign as CM of West Bengal as she has failed to protect the doctors. Or President Rule should be imposed RT = AGREE Likeresident Rule
Because cats are pussy. Not one set of nuts among them lol …
Who's that on the left looking like a cross between Jimmy Sa'vile and a chimpanzee playing with its knob? Why it's possibly the future PM.
A nation more concerned about the Dhoni gloves than an entire missing plane.
Cmon Matty, you’ve been chatty on twitter lately. Tell me how corporate tax cuts will put money in my prospective customers pockets champ!
“I'm not upset that you lied to me, I'm upset that from now on I can't believe you.” (Friedrich Nietzsche) And that goes for the rest of us,
I still can't fathom why the charismatic communicator hasn't yet taken the opportunity to have a grown-up debate in public? He did so well here against on in .
Call themselves the most developed country in the world. Call Cricket as the national sport of the country. Yet can't cover the grounds during rains in the biggest cricket tournament in the world! What a great choice for venue, London!
cops are out of control, they need mental evaluations a deranged coward shouldn't be carrying a gun.
Getting even? I think you already did that.
Humble request to all the people of our country, to support us, the Doctor/medical community, against this injustice!!
My new came today Trump
) Oh, roasting in torture camps along border are mothers with kids. CHAIN LINK DOG RUNS. No shade,no blankets, no food. Stephen Miller &amp; Trumputin and Nazi ghosts are gleeful re: concentration camps. They deserve b sent to the Hague. Only path to redeem USA.
I still don’t understand how this was arrested so peacefully! Had it been,,,,,, never mind! Rest In Peace officer
Fuck , love and
The Federal Election Commission chair's warning was clear: It's illegal to accept information of value during U.S. elections from foreign governments. via please take out !
Oh, but ol' Uncle Col just had to STEAL Michael's ESTATE so he could 'save it all for Tiger,' right??? ?
Mamata is doing wrong. But Bjp's reaction is hypocritical. Doctors beaten in Bjp ruled states &amp; Bjp leaders assaulted doctors. Where was then? Here is the list. For more, read FB post: Cc:
Love how poles always favor the messengers?
Seen at the Rally yesterday. Translation : Why should we leave hostel? Is it your party office? In order to enter into this hostel, one needs to clear NEET exam, and you don't have such capability.
They are correct not to trust him.
The massive crowd of doctors protesting against CM in Kolkata The Suppression and atrocities of govt has reached its peak and people of West Bengal will no more tolerate it
Please sign my name to the card and a small message saying !
Get some balls that will drop you little Microdick. not for trump when it's is a lifetime
trumps birthday is tomorrow how many times do you think we can all tweet in one day
I’ve never seen a president in my lifetime trash Americans but love thine enemies; but you !!!
You and the are the enemy of the people! All COWARDS!
Dear Focus on umpiring skills rather than gloves
Good. Give him fake briefings. Tell him things, he won't know the difference...
lets get this trending
This world cup should be ban !! Rain rain rain motherfuckerr ICC Shift this world to another country or ban this world cup
We all are proud of for using Balidaan badge over his glove. How can take objection against this! When you allow big commercial brands logo but not National pride ? Its utter nonsense.
Amongst Trump University Alumni.
Well it's trending and I didn't want to miss out, shame on you Icc for worst venue.
In a kind of mood again!
This picture tells everything How takes care of ground How takes care of ground And remember it is head of all cricketing nations
Trump stood up for Kim Jong Un after his torture and murder of American Otto Warmbier. That tells you everything you need to know about Trump.
All those polls were true. Hillary was a head of u the entire time. By those % too. The problem is the EC decided ignore our votes and choose u anyway. NVM all the Russian hacking of the election and voting machines.
ugh. Block.
or should he? Sajid Javid sorry mate you don't fit in ... didn't go to Eton! Back to the Gnome Office for you!
Prisoner Number A9947CR, Letters From A Paedophile. Letter dated -08-2013, find more on our website, link below.
Hey, -- you do realize that whole 'platform/publisher' dichotomy is a lie. What you and your fellow alt-righties like to call 'fake news' (except for the fact that what you clowns call fake news is true).
Female trump supporters get with the damn program! Have some damn self respect! Stop voting against yourself!
Because and can not be trusted by this country! you have allowed this to continue and you will be held accountable
Icc have a objection on gloves but not this Pakistani show if you agree, Retweet this as much as you can
MSB() is snapping his fingers at you.
Never forget who you are dealing with Vladimir Putin &amp; Russian Apartment-House Bombings -- Was Putin Responsible? | National Review ⁦⁩
I was asleep and you are a dickhead.
Have you never been to a doctor? Do you not know even ONE ? Does it embarrass you that we're not a matter as hyped up as ? Or are you just violent &amp; sick enough to believe that doctors deserve what they get? You should be ashamed.
Why the f**k does Lucie need to change herself for a bloke?? If he really likes her he wouldn’t want to change her
I was at a self check out in a grocery store a few minutes ago. guys behind me are saying; Look at her left hand, she's single. Should we rape her?' This is Trump world, where raping can be discussed at the store.
across the on this : are saying, “We agree. They’re right. Trump is . , and . He will always be an .”
G E T O U T... GET THEM ALL O U T .
I got to knw d rsn behind most of d countries mocking us is bcz v r more concerned towards n blaming rather than focusing on real issues. People hv made a trend instead of helping Sudanese.
Melania T?! ARE YOU FREAKING KIDDING ME?! Jackie O was first class while Melania is just pure trash!!
SpankyMcDumbAss 🤣 Shep Smith just told everyone to read the Mueller report! The Fox News host told his viewers this: “The special counsel 'did not' enerate the president” Oh No Dufus, your little secrets out!
's Stunnng Open Betrayal Against the USA Makes History
I prefer
The legendary and Sony Hall
So the Barr “has been delegated full and complete authority to declassify information” for investigating the investigators, but not information pertaining to evidence of Trump’s obstruction and collusion? GTFOH!
This is what utter denial and arrogance looks like.
Trump is now 'buying' the Iowa farmers vote by lifting restrictions on the sale of Ethanol E15 during the summer months, an Obama rule to reduce smog! Trump says he'll get it done, so corn crops will be in high demand! Who needs clean air anyway?
You admitted you want help from foreign enemies to beat your opponents and wouldn’t report to the FBI. We SAW and HEARD you say it. Not fake news.
Melanoma is just another harlot piece of white trash. Came to America to become a golddigging stripper/model. Her parents came here via chain migration. The same thing Trump vehemently opposes. The hypocrisy is sickening.
Impose in West Bengal before situation gets fully out of control. needs immediate medical help as she has lost her balance of mind.
Bang goes my quite afternoon watching the cricket banging hammering from next door almost forgot what it sounded like 🤬
Hello what is this? Entire Pakistani team on field and what wrong about
Sure you are, and trump is a good man lol
I enjoy watching him making a prat of himself
Trump Administration Is Making It Harder to Find Out Whether It’s Fighting White Supremacist Terror
It’s gonna be a lot of fun?? I’m dying over here!! You slay me!!
things-about fucking time we strike back and good for Cyber Command leaving our version of Quisling out of the loop.
They had a split screen of the chase and the game lol. “Mr innocent” with a gun to his head in the back of his Bronco. Hmmm, I wonder why?? Maybe he’ll set that record straight too. .
Hope we boycott this World Cup and organise our own tournament and name it as World cup and play it with every army uniform available..
Is this the cricket world cup or swimming world cup?
If all remaining get washed : NZ - Ind - Eng - Aus - WI - SL - Pak - Bang - SA - Afg - Semi Final Aus vs NZ (If rain continues), NZ Eng vs Ind (If rain continues), Ind Final Ind vs NZ (If rain continues), NZ - India will win jointly 🤣🤣.
Peacefuls are assulting innocent Doctors and innocent passers by. Two days back a passer by was attacked by a Peaceful and killed him in Hyderabad. No liberals, no Award wapsee gangs taking out candlelight vigils and protests.
Not only common people of Bengal but now the Doctors community also understands how difficult it is to work or live under the dictatorship of Mamata Banerjee People from all profession and communities are joining hands to from Didi.
totally wasted
doubles down on taking foreign info: I’d only give it to the if it was ‘incorrect or badly stated’ –
Where my country is leading...When we will make strong legislation for &amp; when our media and politician will start acting instead of blaming current govt...Where are today our so called secular leaders... I demand followed by hanging
Trump announces he WOULD accept help from foreign governments in “future elections” ARE WE THIS FAR . GONE?!
Meanwhile in India, IAF men are missing with their plane ️ for six days, and nobody has an idea what became of them, but a pair of gloves 🧤 is more important!
I'm hearing missed a mandatory drugs test before tonight's . Hence the no show...
Trump, election interference, and hollow nationalism
A gangster sets out to fulfill his father’s dream of becoming a doctor. Doctor's in be like
Today is Friday and here in and there’s no better way to celebrate than by educating yourself and not being a part of the poorly educated loves so much 🇺🇸
If its going to rain its the biggest loss for and nobody on earth would miss the treat How cheap tactics by the hosts if two games are washed out for 🇮🇳 then its a conspiracy by hosts shame as a cricketing nation
No one will hire you, amiright?
Seriously, how the F**K did this happen?!?
Disgusting. Regardless of immigration status, they are still people!
Gotta love AnE on a Saturday morning...
U.S. Lifts Ban on Some Elephant and Lion Trophies So they are blaming this Shit on Obama? and
. The Royal Family are not a government. . There’s not been a Queen of England for hundreds of years. She’s Queen of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland and the Commonwealth . Her son is the Prince of WALES. He has no auth over marine life.
Boris trump God help us
Well done what a schedule preparation
hope you have a horrible birthday traitor!
Brutal, horrific, shocking ...a new low in the vitiation of human mind. The perpetrators must not go unpunished.
And just to set the record straight, we only attempted to attend your shallow party to support my friend who invited us and was DJ-ing and who clearly didn’t know what a you really are. /4
Dear , we see better rains here. You show us what you are meant for!
you are able to see the BALIDAN batch on gloves but not able to see the clouds above you. Very poorly managed by ICC.
Bend over Boris!! Be careful what you wish for..
Has any of the games been abandoned due to rain?
Johnson on businesses threatened by : 'F*** business!' Boris Johnson on the families of victims of /7 terrorist attacks: 'F*** the families!' Tories supporting 's bid to be PM: 'F*** the country!'
presence in the Oval Office insults everything that the White House represents, the American people, the history of the US in particular, as well as the world community &amp; the history of mankind in general
pls end this world cup it is not world cup any more
Proud of for using Balidaan badge over his glove. has no business to take objection against this. Big commercial brands logo will do but not national pride ? Its nonsense. Condemn it.
Trump has been back pedalling all weekend.... but the real answer was the unscripted one he gave to George Stephanopoulos... Trump would accept help and would not alert the FBI. That makes Trump
Extra in Iowa! Look at all the that the is!
Who wants to tell this guy that left office and lost and is retired? Deflecting to then does not make go away
Oj as a father, when you left Nicole laying dead in her walkway...what did you think your kids would say if they found her?
DO NOT This Because DOESN'T Want You To Nail His Coffin with Evidence
Icc can see Ms dhoni badge but doesn't see the ground was not covered
Trump’s best people.
Mental Bankruptcy. Debating on the . The game is called cricket. Not “Shakti Pradarshan”. Morons!
Trump sided with the Saudi Crown Prince after his assassination of Washington Post journalist Jamal Khashoggi, who lived in the United States. And Kushner supported him after as well. It’s pathetic and disgusting. Bunch of damn traitors.
Punishment for Rapist, So that no one can think of doing such this things Again.
They are going to Manchester to see rain
: You have TWO Options - - Want to screw up the World Cup : Contact Rahul Gandhi (He is in London right now) ; - Want to run the World Cup Smoothly Going forward : Immediately Contact Amit Shah ;
See the conditions of bengal and other states, wrt to how patients r getting aggressive towards doctors. Thn, there comes out BRIDGE COURSES. Phle dr ko to bacha lo, fir inko lana...
Dear France and the rest of the world, We’re sorry. Please be patient while we did our system of this virus. Love, Most Americans
and this unethical Administration!
It comes with a vacant seat in the PM's office as won't bother to turn in
Happy Early Birthday, Mr. President!
Poor Management by for a World-class event which comes once in four years. Recordbreak washouts (Most in any World cup) still matches and knockouts to go. You Just Ruined Us.
Saved my GB data to watch match and finally found this..
Dumbass in Chief at it again with his dumbassery!
Yet the likes of roam free!
the entire republican party just cheats.. they can't win without cheating so they'll cheat shamelessly
Why not call the top name ie ICC Chairman Shashank Manohar? Who else should take responsibility for rain washed matches?
was to much of a coward to turn up at the program ? Because people might see him for the simpleton that he is? Or because he’s a genius and didn’t have to turn up?
is one greedy corrupt n wat not organisation.... to hell with you
Like father like sons.
He isn't a foreign country, he was a researcher paid above board. You did not do that. You hid meetings and asked for stollen emails.
Wow, so many seemingly normal looking assholes in one township, who knew?
Republicans are such gutless Trump sycophants. All these people want to do is loot the government, and to hell with the rest of us.
Then go get Chun-Li, you stupid orange shitshow!!!! Trump wants his next press secretary to be a cable news 'street fighter'
Probably the worst governor of all time. You had a man murdered for trying to protect his constitutional rights.
Not when that 'president' happened to commit felonies, treason, and election fraud. It's unprecedented this level of criminality, and you think giving him a pass because he was potus is absurd.
where
Angela M. Thomas () Tweeted:
So the thinks that showing a religious practice on the ground is okay, but wearing one's military badge of honour is harmful!
Former means which one, a Full Blown Religious Prayer on the Field or a Small Insignia which is there in the as he is an Honorary Army Officer ?
If needed INDIANS are ready to for respect
She calls her weapon ‘god’ ?
LETS ALL HOPE THAT DOG VOMIT TRUMP GETS ALL THAT HE DESERVES ON HIS OLD MAN'S BIRTHDAY
I think had donned gloves to support McGrath Cancer foundation for a noble cause. Not sure why is prohibiting to wear the gloves for the Noble cause he supports. Bizarre, illogical and insensitive!
'Didi said we are outsiders &amp; protesting on behalf of other political goons'. NO!
Its not a joke, people are actually angry and trending , those are idiots
I am a 'til the end. I am also not a FAKE like some of them out there. You either are, or you are not. , and , are the two biggest threats to our Democracy! VOTE THEM OUT!
A billion Cricket fans waited four years to watch how it rains in England
HE surely is playing the Iran card- desperado.
Just shut up already. We all know you are a con man who stole the election with the help of a foreign power. You are crooked teflon donnie and I pray every blessed day that you are eed as the criminal that you are.
If Boris becomes the new PM, Conservatives have totally lost my vote. Tax cuts for the higher earners? How about raising the personal tax allowance at the bottom instead, allowing struggling families to feed their kids. What an idiot.
Poor boy........ ya scared
Boris Johnson: brilliant, warm, funny – and totally unfit to be PM | Max Hastings | Opinion | The Guardian
Let’s be grateful for one thing: the more this idiot tweets, the more *unified* the opposition &amp; becomes against him. I have never more motivated in my life to remove a president from office ASAP.
WITCH HUNT FOUND A ZOMBIE
We just protested against privatization, and now our parents are jobless, our chelter is taken away, and we will be obligated to join the military forces if we refuse to kneel
Mc bc
We are sick of being muppets manipulated by this Moroccan Government. We will stand tall against the oppression of our corrupted government.
Group of people(probably goons of TMC) attacked on a nd year medical student at pm at Calcutta National Medical College NOW. THIS HAS TO STOP! It is never ending!
Have you found Ron and Nicole’s real killer yet? . Nah, I didn’t think so.
Delusional Donnie, you are lying again!
This criminal just doesn’t get it. You don’t handle a foreign entities interference in our election on a case by case basis. It’s ALWAYS illegal to accept help from them. Damn he’s an idiot!
Forget sending his traitorous ass to Iraq, send his sorry ass to Compton or Oak St in Htown without his security detail then let him talk about PTSD He's good at talking out his ass, he doesn't have a clue about combat or PTSD survivors
It was “good” for some to shout for ducking years so it’s feasible &amp; appropriate for EVERY good, decent &amp; patriotic citizen to shout- so ...b/c he has not an ounce of humanity. = CEO of Trumerica🤦‍️
And as soon as he started making racist remarks, I knew would win. Everyone laughed at me. You can't imagine how sorry I am that I was right.
| The problem should have been acknowledged by Mamata Banerjee. She should have shown a little 'Mamata'. Instead, she called them outsiders and threatened to throw them out: Dr Sambit Patra, BJP
Mrs. Mamata banerjee what will you do when you fell ill? Call the police or the doctors?
Who cares.
hahaha I pity on your country where called as national sport of the country for we Indians cricket is not just a sports lts a other religion.
out of Doctors recommend moving out of West Bengal. Shame on
Child must die. And all those who tried to dispose evidence should get
“Sarah” by Geofferson Starship. Another day, another Trumper departure!
A very Happy to , all of his morons, and the rest of the !!
It dates from But it’s a reminder that no one intelligent or caring would ever trust He did it his way then It will always be his way The amoral way
This more than anything else should be the reason Boris Johnson doesn’t get the top job
Dear people saying, Doctors deserve it 'pitne do saalon ko..' We wonder what would happen, If we said, 'marne do saalon ko...'
. Donald the is the greatest, probably greatest ever, . ? enough?
Shame on ICC ICC was eed where is there preparation Shame
Tell us another one, you liar.
There will be brown people all over the world celebrating the day he is no longer President of The United States.
The idiot MAGAt is ready to take on the govt.
Video of protests in evening by Delhi Sikhs make me proud. Good lessons learnt from past. Also a slap to those who mock Delhi Sikhs with 'b' slurs or say Sikhs in other states don't know how to stand for themselves. Nope. They do. They very much do.
I might be more inclined to listen to your opinion if you could actually point out London on a map.
I'm down with that Chuck.
DISPICABLE THAT YOU WOULD SHOW TRAITOR TRUMP DISRESPECTING OUR FLAG!!
This man completely nailed Mamata, her politics and her hypocrisy.
please focus on umpiring rather than what a player should wear
Thanks for the warning. I will be blocking you right after this tweet.
Trump should be in prison, not the White House. He should be sharing a cell with his ostrich leather loving best friend and fellow traitor Paul Manafort. Imagine all the bedtime stories they could tell each other regarding their deep love for Vladimir Putin.
Oohhhh, now that Trump is done with Pence, he’s thrown out with the garbage.
Good riddance. Sinking ship.
I think the entire GOP are using ghost traders &amp; reaping millions from trumps phoney tariff nonsense.
If can't wear the Balidaan Badge, it's fine. is the ultimate authority and we will follow its decision. But all Indians in the crowd to watch the game, should wear those badges and wave those flags. Fir dekhte hai kya ukhad sakta hai!
, please continue wearing the Balidhan logo in your gloves. We r with you. , don't act stupid ,its not a promo &amp; its a moment of pride . Country is with
Dear icc, insted of focusing in what is there dhoni's gloves, start focusing on the quality of umpiring in cricket world cup, the world was watching
You Have NO BALLS!
Our future Prime Minister - how can that possibly happen, right? Johnson: 'How badly hurt will he be?' Guppy: 'He will probably get a couple of black eyes and a, and a cracked rib or something like that.'
is probably having a tantrum right now. .
The most anticipated tournament WASTED .
: 'we are a nation of laws' same nuts, started building a million waste of money wall, that could have been better use to help and , without the proper permits
This is what your country will soon look like if you EVER let in-in any way‼️Finance/joint ventures/land ownership/infrastructure or G‼️Yes they own HK but we got complacent while Britain had it’s year lease-this is no longer the we knew!🇨🇳
Oh shit! It's been a while. I forgot Twitter was a thing! (Said Trump never)
. ICC on Dhoni's gloves Vs .ICC planning the World Cup
Trump is just plain evil. Trump administration quietly makes it legal to bring elephant parts to the U.S. as trophies - The Washington Post
Why the GOP Has Become a Cult of Personality
For the love of all that is holy, you people still worship this criminal?????
- It may be your BD but is trending, not you Fatty McBone Spurs. Loser.
Really? Seem like she still has hangover of elections.
Learn something from that how big tournaments are organized... Dissapointed
We wait for four years for ICC world cup tournament and what have you given us rain abandoned matches!!.. Pathetic planning by . We need strict action for commiting such blunder.
KEEP on the Press .. they still won’t publish news AND Want to keep presenting TRUMP AS VICTIM MEME.. whaddya think about that IS TRUMP the victim in his $1.5Million payment for of OWN CHILD conceived on Ivanka lookalike?
Doctors resigned from their jobs It's high time for to apologise or quit. India don't want an arrogant intolerant CM
Damn it! Blocked by another 'Patriot'... and I was just getting started!
Today's House Judiciary hearing re: / was the most perfect example to date proving what the next year and a half is going to continue to be all about (i.e. shit into the faces of the American people).
“Do what thou wilt” has some implications to your neighbors. Especially the kind.
The Acting Defense Secretary acting like he knows what he's talking about.
A poll has already been done on the most dishonest president in the history of USA, and YOU are IT.
luk at its clear sign of terrorist, chanting alla ts, his nasty beared, his white wash cap, his sophisticated ENGLISH signs he would soon feed terrroists and Join them and fly offatleast now U Indian Muslims get back to ur original dharma .
But then again, you are the BIGGEST HYPOCRITE going, so what else would anyone eect of you!
We didn't waited years to see rains in England.
Am I the only one who is beginning to think that the completely unacceptable 'no show' on anything from Boris Johnson is beginning to look a little odd. Even 'fishy'. He has to come out and face people now.
I think Dana is way out of order here. He doesn't give a fuck about the fans. If he did he wouldn't be talking to one like that. Donny is absolutely right and most of us feel the same. Dana is turning the promotion into circus one ppv at a time
In case still thinks my people like him.
If the elect I will never vote for them again!
We wait until 0 in the evening in Aus just to know its raining today. Rain : Cricket
you should be worried about other things rather than a sign of patriotism on gloves huh
He's going to CURE CANCER Now These people need to be put on an island.
If any other mob had attacked doctors ’s would have beat them up. But since it was Mamata’s special community she attacked the doctors instead. Perfect exemplar of Indian secularism.
'It Is All A Lie': ⁦⁩ Busts The Myth That Is A Master Dealmaker
I hope no one else hires this
Poor lady, if doctors weren’t on strike, she would have atleast got psychiatric help for her mental illness.
| There's almost a golden rule - a government that allows circumstances to have doctors striking is unpardonable: Anand Ranganathan, Scientist &amp; Author
Trump trying to take us to another war!
has THEE best ring to it...
Damn, is such a loser and don't care. Suckers. via
What National untidy. This spoiled trust fund fuck up has split this country. He should look in the mirror when he makes a comment like this. He’s virtuous, ideological ways have killed our economy and any future our kids and Gkids have.
You mean the Obama economy you inherited?
... You are clearly not taking to the ‘The People” ..... If you were..... This would be followed by against us (us = People of the ) With Nukes! .... Remember when you threatened the USA with We do..
Dude. Why are you still not behind bars?
Papadopoulos Taunts Obama's Crooked FBI: 'The Secret Transcripts of My Meeting with Alexander Downer Are Ready to Come Out' via listening to yesterday was is a dirty cop
That’s right! I love fear factor statements like this. It just makes you look like a
Hey ! Wanna move to where your has more right than you do?
What happened to you, mike????
Seems ICC forget what is called nationalism! Who are they to ask &amp; remove gloves of dhoni. Today they ask this next time will ask to remove 'कलावा' from players hand and then 'माला'। Let's say No to them...
Bloody hypocrites. though decimated will not stop fingering. I want see what name will take at his oath taking. did he respond to the courts on his british citizenship?
The Republicans and MAGA hats have been pretending for over two years that he's sane...I don't see them stopping anytime soon. I never thought I'd see the death of Democracy in this country in my lifetime, but here we are...
lol 'has a little getting even to do' thankfully knife blades can't penetrate my twitter account
Anyone who backs or votes for is openly supporting lying and misrepresentation in politics. I hope they are ready for the consequences. Britain.
Drunk tweeting again?
It wasn’t fake, according to the Mueller report the Russians absolutely interfered with our election and even admitted a couple days ago he would take damaging intel from a foreign power if approached
you mean he would take the time and money he gave to recruits and actually use it to take care of his family? Wow. Amazing.
Maybe because the NBA requires extra credentials to be let on the floor after a team clinches, and Ujiri wasn't wearing them. And maybe the cops didn't memorize what every Raptors' employee looked like. But why let facts get in the way of your fake racism story?
You're getting impeached!
impeach that arrogant piece of shit nOW
Arrrggghhhh absolutely raging. Do not guilt trip an year old boy to spend time with you cos your gf does the washing up so you can give one on one time!!! Absolutely livid. 🤬🤬🤬🤬
Stupid The faux king The night of November rd . SHAME
I would like to un-welcome to twitter and since I’ve already him. Please reply to all his tweets with
Well Flint still doesn’t have drinkable water &amp; /11 first responders are going with out proper medical care....BUY HEY at least Air Force One is getting a pointless paint job!! 🤨
Uranus springs to mind for some reason reading the Twump tweets
Hey TRAITOR— Take info from an Enemy of the United States? You are learning Comrade Stewart! Soon you will be welcomed back to Mother Russia as a hero!
We cricket fans are being robbed of the World Cup eerience. We waited for the world cup for years only to witness almost /4th matches being washed? Doesn't ICC take into account the weather conditions before choosing the hosting country?
Oh man. Here comes the stupidity. Shut up already. Weren't the supposed to be swept??
THIS IS HORRIBLE!!!! THIS IS ANTI-AMERICAN!!!! AND 🤬🤢
Patrick Reed doin Patrick Reed things
IMPEACH *cough, cough, cough, cough, cough* TRUMP *cough, cough, cough, cough, cough* NOW! *cough, cough, cough, COUGH, COUGH, COUGH, C.O.U.G.H, C.O.U.G.H*
I don't buy it for a MINUTE. But even if your numbers were %, I'd still be PROFOUNDLY disappointed in my Traitorous and weak-minded country men and women... 🇺🇲🇺🇲🇺🇲
That hurts? What about all the lives you destroyed do everyone a favour and disappear
needs to be eed as part of plot to interfere w/ our b/c they will help do it again in .
Straw man argument from the Scarecrow of Australian politics.
Crappy birthday, , hopefully it’ll be your last as a free man
President Obama’s patriotic policies gave us the greatest economy. Deranged Donald Trump is destroying our country. Trump has begun economic wars, Trade wars &amp; is now Lying to us to start an Iran War.
Has a headline concerning - ' More bad news for disgraced ex-NFL star '. BAD NEWS ? He's a rapist. It's not bad news and he wasn't disgraced. He knowingly preyed on women, sexually assaulting and raping them.
A morally bereft and vile individual
Why TMC people flocking to BJP, because she was partner in BJP govt, she rose in Bengal on BJP forces, why for 'new' ego all three Modi-Mamata-Shah burning Bengal? They should stop public posturing, and show their true one-ness! manish sisodia
*After betrayal from momta Didi, media and patients* AIIMS Doctors:
So now you'll have to find someone else to tell your lies
Hogan Gidley?? - - - Hogan. - - - Gidley. - - - Do you still need a penicillin Rx to treat that or is there an over-the-counter remedy?
Now will recruit BANGALI BAABA CHAND DAWAKHANA to treat her pissful patient
Go away, Orenthal. You are a murderer and you should be in prison for brutally killing Nicole and Ron.
cannot believe people don't see these autos stopped in front of them. drivers
Hopefully he wakes up every morning for the next months to a beating, and goes to bed with another.
They even refused to meet CM of West Bengal, Mamata Banerjee after she invited for meeting and discussing. Undoubtedly it's a politically motivated &amp; sponsored protest. Nothing else.
In ...... Get . politicians ban abortion so now children by their must let their see the kid
Zemmour liked this tweet
Nothing more ignorant than forcing everyone to hear your conversation...
This guy isn’t worth your time Charlie.
He’s literally f***king the Flag...
You’re a complete IDIOT.
Icc and england cricket destroying big world cricket. England doesn't Deserve host the world cup.
Happy born day Donald Or hatched day . . . Spawned day Whatever happened with you
What about your distasteful comments about Is He will also bring his father, brother and sister into Downing Street , a Johnson dynasty, just like 🤢
How by any measure or criteria can Boris Johnson ever be considered a viable human being, let alone considered a possible leader others?
U cannot get more irritated by some jobless indians making memes on rain affected just cuz one of the games on India is washed out. Its weather, its unpredictable. And the World Cups have to played in this time around! Why fucking trend ? Idiots
Pay Pal Cal better leave some cash for his recruits
That was a year ago and it's even worse today.
Just pray for june.....we have waited for years for epic encounter not for this shit planning of worldcup matches
When VidyaSagar Statue breaks CM reaches within hour for sympathy and for earning Votes but when doctors get beaten by Pak Muslim goons CM has got no time.. Only has got time for threatening doctors, their Family members.. and stand United.
This entire incident is well planned attack on doctors by TMC, it is very evident by a question asked by a journalist to IMA doctor during press meet today, he asked about extending theor support to a political party, MB also said the same in a college
EVERYONE!
That’s $16 billion that wouldn’t have to be spent if you hadn’t caused the farmers to sit on the edge of bankruptcy just to satisfy your ego. So obvious how you create a crises and the claim credit for solving it.
Good. This guy is a and sounds . Society is less safe with him in it. Keep him off the streets. Please.
MURDERER O.J IS A
is a plague to Mankind.. torture &amp; kill non-believers of MONSTERS
OH HELL TO THE NO!! 🤮 I could keep going, but I’m physically sick, can’t he be banned from Twitter?
I think comettee members of was on high weed when they have selected for World Cup. Most of the teams will loose their chances to move forward in this World Cup just because of this rainy weather
Rohit Sharma scored against Muslim nation... And now some people are saying it is HINDU TERROR, BHAGWA ATANKWAD
Bernie is such a 🤣
One traitor thanking another. This 'hoax' is as real as ever. You are both evil embarrassments to this country and it will not be forgotten. Happy .
I wonder if there is a bigger anywhere
Are you fucking NUTS!!!!!
He is bloody of years old fatehveer
You are biased with . He should be allowed to wear gloves with insignia. It doesn't convey any meaning which may hurt someone's sentiments. Actually, it shows respect to soldiers and countries.
Is there anyone in this party with the balls to stand up to and do what is right for their constituents and America. I changed parties because of the spineless attitudes and HATE towards women.
Petition the moron with a swastika in his El Sobrante front yard to knock it off
LOST THE POPULAR VOTE. THE AMERICAN VOTER HATES LOSER TRUMP!
The only thing with is you. You are the biggest embarrassment this country has ever seen.
ICC IS THE MOST INCOMPETENT AUTHORITY EVER
Not answering any questions about my citizenship after fucking years.
WASHINGTON (AP/UPI/LMNOP) - Sources confirm that the White House intends to cut out the middleman and replace outgoing Press Secretary Sarah Huckabee with a steaming pile of horseshit. . . . …
If your asthma is that bad that you cannot take a breath test then I'm assuming you're using your inhalers constantly...which in that case you shouldn't be driving anyway, cos they make you lightheaded, you double standard, hypocritical dogshite!
people, we have to do whatever is possible to stop this fake activist from sabotaging our movement.
GUILTY AS HELL
should hange within months. Including all gang meber. PMO India should rule this... . Requested to share this...
Two terms for Trump!
What a rd class organization. You people should learn from India , how the biggest Cricket event organized even bigger than WC?
He’s just a and a and a
they must be really ashamed of their self poor management, decisions and etc people are not interested anymore in this boring cricket world cup ever I'm pissed off
and his beady little eyes can fuck right off. is dumb as shit, but Pence is rotten to his fucking core. Send my regards to Mother, too. God, can’t get here fast enough.
I’ve seen racer chases in women but this guy on your left is definitely a driver chaser.
Saudi crown prince calls for a 'decisive stand' against Iran why don’t you just gave them murdered as u did with This thing is a disgrace and any world leader or dealing w/him is no better murderer
but not listen on share like One religion Spoils by people but same people quit particular Religion spred When that religion come that gives that ️with
say talks to now is showing her, her place.Great Decision by dat de wl not Bow Down to such who played on der n she Lied to d abt them.
Need to remove Minority law. Cc:
So keeps praising , a as somebody with great leadership who just wrote him a 'beautiful letter' WTF!
Gang raped a yrs old girl for more than a week, called someone from to rape her, kept her confined in a (no respect for ) then her &amp; what do u get? Life term or yrs You'll still breathe happy Cheers to I am not at all satisfied
Trump on avoiding movie pirating: 'of course you have to illegally download it to see if the stream is any good. If it's bad, you slap tariffs on the country'
From our Latino friends.
you guys can't cover the whole cricket ground shame shame bad weather come to 🇮🇳 see how we cover
A cursory look at the comments section of 's tweets indicates why she gives two hoots to her detractors. Almost all the critical comments are from North Indians/Non Bengalis. She knows her votebank is intact.
has problem with gloves, bats and everything else other than games being washed out! Focus on having cricket matches than controversies.
The list of reasons why is one of the most despicable people we’ve ever seen is endless. If there is any justice in this world he will die alone in a prison cell.
Very simple:
have helped russia do this...... are these Patriotic Americans or traitors! What about blocking cyber-security legislation for the election!
Well I'll be damned, there's now friends following my tweets. Amazing. I wasn't sure it would happen. Thank you so much. I'm proud to follow each one of you back. I'll always be the foul mouthed old Liberal Democrat shouting ! Let's make it K
For those celebrating Huget’s try, just remember that he stamped on another man’s face and didn’t even get cited
didn't staged protests and opposed Yogi when Dr Kafeel was framed and tortured Not for Dr. But against , they are guns blazing
Dufus has discussed with Pence, Meadows and Ronna McDaniel the possibility of backing a primary challenge to Justin Amash. Supposedly to send a warning to Republicans who consider turning on him! What a thin skinned little bitch! 🤣
They should be treated as criminals and face all the consequences. They have created this ruckus and for what? Need of the hour- a lesson for all. Period
This Peaceful GOON with beard is Trinamool MP of Murshidabad, Abu Taher Khan giving threat to doctors that he would send public to thrash doctors, Rape and Throw Acid on lady doctors and nurses.
Wow! is done points already!
Your whole presidency is fake!
World has reached on moon and Marsh , but here is excuse by that they can't secure extra days for such important games cz it's difficult to organize. Dear it's not .
Dr Vishwas has given up on Mamta Banerjee.Dr Vishwas is appealing to Home and Health Minister and not to CM W Bengal.He knows there is no point appealing to a Vote Bank politician who has put lives of CItizens at Risk.
How can Lowri say that it was the right decision for Boris to avoid appearing, and even spin it as a positive? This is how people without critical thinking analyse things, they fall for the nonsense.
' only in America ' would a person who murdered his ex wife be treated like a hero instead of the scumbag he is . Fitting that he admires trump - the pair of lying psychopaths have a lot in common .
power hungry little boy trying to please his Daddy too stupid to realize psychopath Putin played him. Yup. Donny IS a stupid, insecure, immature, greedy, angry, foolish LOSER oh... and... Happy Birthday, Mother Fucker.
Don't forget TRAITOR!
Pelosi: Trump shows he doesn't 'know right from wrong'
What that I’ve banged more women than you even know? Come back when your Shit talking game is on point... until then go spend time with your &amp; cuddle up in the corner &amp; cry me a river
Trump claims farmers wept behind him when he signed an executive order. Video proof shows otherwise. is a pathological liar, and the greatest threat to our Democracy since WWII.
Why people eagerly wait years for the ? To see the rain???? To see matches getting abandoned??? To see teams share a point each without even proper competition??? That's really .
Saw some SRK fans using tag blaming ICC for the Disasters Do they know about cricket more than ICC ? Baap ko gyan de Rahe hai ? Don't need fake viewers like you, chalte bano
is real!
He is dubbed the Fake , and is linked to the extremist group the Middle East Forum.
How Dare You?? send him to Take your asses back to Europe, !! You are the . You are the , , the !! this is not your land!! !!
the best gift I could think of...... love your work Frump.
'You don't tell _me_ what's treason... I tell _you_ what's treason!' ™
Thank you Todd!! I appreciate being included!! Hope everyone has a great day!! ️️️
Hell we're all DONE with Pelosi on Trump insults: 'I'm done with him'
Will someone elain how this is good for anyone especially the children? Where are all the Pro-lifers to stand up for the life and welfare of this woman and kids?? Rapists don’t deserve rights
I noticed recently Jamie Oliver's restaurants closing,I only really remember how he said he won't employ English people because they are lazy ,
This is a joke, right? That man dishonors our flag on a daily basis.
Now THAT’S some right there!
Have to agree that his undeserved Hollywood Star should bear the epithet TRAITOR for all to see for posterity
Anti Trump AF Coffee Mug
on are you fucking serious!!! Wtf is wrong with you
If someone were to punch in the mouth, would he thank them for a renewed focus on his dental care??? I mean— this is the most ridiculous cover for Trump’s comments that I’ve ever heard.
WSJ slaps over ghastly jobs report — and blames his disastrous tariffs –
Fuck republicans the biggest snowflakes everFunny how that list of words describes the fat, racist, ignorant, hideous moron absolutely PERFECTLY. PLEASE get rid of this fucking demented, delusional criminal!!
I don't understand why the have to be this towards black/brown people in , over the most pettiest of issues. You'd swear they were trying to take down a , or something... but over a USD Doll? REALLY??
I didn't even know she was still working.
Is it so difficult for to realise that more the continues, more will be the Political capital that she will lose? She should have nipped this in the bud. It has snowballed now. God, she must have terrible advisors
More fuel for the backlash against Johnson - SNP will seek no confidence vote if Johnson becomes PM ..
When will we understand this thing that A has no religion they don’t care who the little girl is little or little must be rewarded with capital punishment. It’s time to awake yourself.A girl should shouldn’t be judged by her religion
it's a sure bet that trump jr. has not read , thus has no idea the size of the pile of shit he'll have to dig himself out from.under during senate intel hearing today.
I am sure Joe will do what is best for Joel .
Harley can't fish. He rides the coat tails of
Our farmers deserve a president who doesn't admit that he would gladly break the law to win an election.
Are you politicians insane in Bengal? This is about lives of our people - patients and doctors. Come on this is about security of doctors, this is about life. Let your egos take a walk.
We don't need to check D.O.B Of a .if he is matured enough to rape he is matured enough to he
For fuck’s sake, who y’all harassing now, you whiny orange taint smear?
Trump and his fascist regime are destroying our country.
The FBI Director was RIGHT!!!
I really, really, really hope this happens! ┌∏┐ (•˽•)┌∏┐
Boom like your fake attack on The Japanese ship you incompetent TV watching old nasty liar? Only way to get you up? Where’s Eric Prince?
Indian actress dresses are even larger than ground covers.
is the essence of mediocrity and
Happy ┌∏┐ (•˽•)┌∏┐
Fck him
Trump wants to limit aid for low-income Americans. Here's a look at his proposals. - NPR.
The has no soul
Imagine what the family members of the Bengahzi victims felt!! Their blood is on YOUR hands!!! 🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸
You know what else he said in 'yeah baby. I totally wobt rape you'.... Well that was all lies wasnt it.
We f**king need a new president ASAP. The fraudster we have is getting nuttier, brazenly more criminal and more detached from reality
The tragedy of the world right now is that a number of countries are buying into fucking idiot leaders, selling them shitty elanations, about why their lives are so shitty. And that they have the solution
It takes weeks, sometimes months to determine the source of a fire or plane crash, but somehow was able to remotely conclude that Iran attacked a tanker in the Gulf within hours. is GOP creed.
New logo of world cup
And Eddie Lampert is a
Quack Quack Quack Stupidass
Total bullshit.
shows us everyday why and other similar hashtags are trending.
Frustration against Mamta Banerjee at its peak 'Tell her that she can do dharna her chamcha IPS officer Rajiv Kumar why she can't stand up doctors?...what if the injured doctor dies? Was Rajiv Kumar dying?'
Did Warner use the information about you while running against you in a Presidential election? Did Adam Schiff? Stupid piece of shit! 🇺🇲🇺🇲🇺🇲
How can anyone want this moron running the country stand down from the running this is totally disgusting you should be ashamed
I recently tweeted similar I’m actually astounded that his blatant disrespect and cringe worthy ‘wtf’ actions repeatedly slide under the radar and even though it’s common knowledge that he’s a weasely snake willing to do anything to be prime minister.
No way. You are not doing anything but ruining Our Beautiful Country.
Are these idiots still on HRC? Russia put tRump in the WH, Mueller report list facts, Individual is a criminal, divider of the country, lies lies lies, aids in the , tRump is the Enemy of the People. Ain't the right
It is only the assesment of you!... a traitor to Democracy and a stooge of Saudi Arabia and Israel and . The OWNERS of the ship say YOU are lying!
The most that can be said for is that he's the least deluded of the contenders. is Bertie Bonkers was lying without being present. The other are a choice between arrogant, sinister and flustered.
I’m so pissed off at these fascist . Immigrants from Central America are Americans. Traitor Trump serves the interest of hostile foreign governments and puts those Americans who seek US citizenship in cages.
and you are a FOOL! 🤣🤣
Let's be clear there is a deference between oppo-reasearch and foreign influence and there is a reason why it is discourage! Fuck trump and his disciples! That's right disciples!! !
Hey man, treasonous, traitorous, draft dodgers gotta do what treasonous, traitorous draft dodgers gotta do.
' wants ALL of us to remember Donald Trump’s extreme response to the Central Park Five case.'
What happens if the DUMBEST MAN ALIVE will manage the most complex equipment He'll damage/break it was the gift of a lifetime - it was clear, he'll do everything by himself The ultimate goal - the collapse
Fascist Is Farting Air Pollutionne of the Best Ways To Protest Despicable is Creating Trump Farting Robot
Hey here’s a PSA!
Action is a must against those violent attackers who also thrashed a minor from minority background.
The Netflix show 'When they see us' has me mad!! ️ Fuck those New York police!! WTF
I am old enough to remember when were insults I am a registered and my should be ashamed of itself.
YOU ARE THE WORST POTUS EVER
That's a time in most women's lives when they feel conscious of their size and doing that was belittling her.
You're getting impeached!!!!
ICC is blind to jihadist. They couldn’t do anything about the murder of Pakistani coach whilst the World Cup was underway They suffer from colonial hangover and submissive to the criminal. This mentality brought abuse to thousand kids.
I love this photo; it was taken shortly after she had her nipples surgically blurred. She had originally intended on marrying a rich Evangelist. But instead married a , , who would prefer to bang his own daughter.
Preachers are having a ‘Make America Straight Again’ event in Orlando &amp; they’re praying for violence
Where is prime time ka fraud Ravish Kumar?
Halfway through 'When They See Us' and ANGRY AF. I don't have words. I cannot imagine the shit show these men have been through.
Kinda like Trump, 'Lock her up'
OH HELL NO!!!!!
I have been a life long Republican. TRump has destroyed the party. I am now a democratic, for life.
I rather put a pinecone in my eye than watch you!
Where is icc are you fully blind
shop: Benedict Donald so called president is a traitor Short-Sleeve Unisex T-Shirt
what the f is this if India pak match rained how much loss to icc
really
Who the hell are U to question him wat to wear or wat to not?It’s his belief. Pak players too offered namaz on cricket ground,do sajda wen dey wins or do century. Der is nothing wrong in it. We do write or Om on our exam papers to get pass. It’s common!
The most despised man of the new millennium, Donald J. Trump.
You killed and others.
Indians do not have any connection with the logic in any way. is a useless campaign. Better sense should prevail. Its a cricket game, play it with sportsmanship and dont try to be Chaudhary of cricket. Adivce from Pakistan
it's almost like they are doing cruel things to poor &amp; marginalized people on purpose. The only thing that outweighs their incompetence is their cruelty.
Game on! Yup yup. Game ON! My dad wears your T shirt. The one dressed in orange pissing.
The Bozo Bros taayer funded European Vacation.
PLEASE spread this far and wide. This admitted rapist and pedophile is running for Congress in Virginia as an Independent!
Republicans wouldn't make a FAKE VIDEO , right? Just ask Nancy Pelosi..
shud pull itself out of as other teams r more interested in financial gain then being in icc
Melania T?! ARE YOU FREAKING KIDDING ME?! was first class while Melania is just pure trash.
It's OK to use the words ' bad shit' when describing US politics when it's true. Unfortunately there will be 'bad shit' in UK politics if Johnson becomes leader of the Tories and next PM
Yo , I refused to watch your Fake Special Report, on our First Whore. Total waste of air time.
should be ashamed of himself. A criminal who is willing to do the devil's bidding.
Can you even spell Constitution?
I'd rather spend my tax dollars investigating the orange criminal occupying the white house, than wasting taayer money on trump's endless golfing while he violates the emoluments clause!
how is that working out for you Benjamin?
yeah
Offering namaz during match on the field is not an issue for bt wearing gloves with Army Logo which is totally non political thing is a big objection. isn't it a hypocrisy? Who is behind all this thought process? I support the for his patriotism.
Man alive?!?! the man knows no bounds... you are a disgrace
its . A true hero. Not a traitor like you.
who’s ready to angrily yell facts at their television.
What absolute bollocks. Boris, you hardly turned up as mayor of London, you had other people cleaning up your mess, as they did when foreign secretary! when you did turn up didn’t you spend % of the time writing your book?!
Don't worry, he's just a harmless bumbling clown.
Wonder what dumb fvckery the Barr will concoct after a group of law professionals break down obstruction, and high crimes and misdemeanors in layman’s terms?
YOU WILL BE IMPEACHED &amp; JAILED!
It should be clear - is an extraordinary event Extraordinary measures are required to address the greatest he represents
Considering how quickly attitude escalated from unacceptable to ultra alarming, approach seems outdated Outside of the box thinking is required = &amp; get him out of WH
Sheeeeit, my gal coming home? I'll cook up some Trumperrhoid possum stew fer ya.
You actually eect us to believe this bullshit? Mitch McConnell has been hell bent on taking away our healthcare for years, maybe decades. How many “Infrastructure Weeks” have we had while the country’s bridges crumble? How about disaster relief?
It’s sad that what bothers me most in this tweet is the wasting of characters to spell out USA. I’m only slightly triggered by the capitalization of “the”. Only slightly.
I'd still jump in bed with her but keep the weapons away
The fake president speaks....
Considering it (dick stains bday) going around on social media, one would have to live under a rock to not know, due to social media... I need to see a birth certificate to prove today is actually his bday..
Fake news race to the bottom between this idiotic OANN, and even dumber fantasy land, Fox. Only morons such as this &amp; his supporters believe any of this nonsense. WE THE PEOPLE need to issue a correction in !
Now he's trying to walk back what he said. Now he's saying of course you give it to the FBI. He's such a lying piece of shit.
Don't let America's favourite dad pour you a drink.
You made it worse with you trying to cover up how you’d collude. “What an idiot, you are!” Digging your own grave! How about not looking and giving it straight to authorities as stated in the constitution!
no one believes a . calls The New York Times treasonous for a story his own officials said was perfectly fine to print.
Will you please show the value of country pride. Why BCCI is showing lack of interest in this stupid issue raised by ICC to bring FOCUS on World Cup , which is lacking audience. Can we boycott Indo Pak Match???
Your orange bigoted ASSHOLE boss throws babies in cages at the border and then they die!!!
Read to the end I copied the quote for you. Praised be!
DON'T This Because Trump's Lies Will Be Eed: Faked Threat Against Mexico as USA-Mexico Agreement Was Reached Months Before FAKE Mexican Standoff
found a pretty good image of the . feel free to share.
O man just wanted to tell you people that what is your acctual worth. Why you people tries to do what you cant can't bear. You people started trends but at last indian
Where are all liberals?
'Hitler had some sexy legs for a Nazi douchebag'
huge twat. Would be a disaster in office.
Crore Scam , Gullible Muslim Investors , cheated by Mullahs , Politicians in the name of , Cong leaders are seen with the accused
When the strike is called off eventually, I request the doctors to treat didi's mental consition ASAP because she is clearly losing it. Our Mohalla clinic docs n handsome Manish r ready to give all assiatance in this regard.
Too many punches to the head .
Tyrants always try to destroy the The only traitor and enemy of the people here is you.
Hope you are getting paid minimum wage for your twitter tripe. Bye !
Hey!!!!!! Who is investigating this????????
I got this stress reliever this evening. Any time I read an ignorant ass tweet I just give ole Trump a squeeze. It seems to really help.
spent over $100M in yrs. playing golf and promoting his resorts but he says nothing about /11 responders illnesses, the horrific number of deaths due to their trying to save so many lives! Trump doesn't give AF about anyone but himself!
Prince of Whales, is that Aquaman? Did you meet with aquaman?!
Okay so everyone is ignoring the fact that YNW melly is only years old and killed TWO people????
This is dedicated too the STICK-boy down in the Carolinas ,, keep stalking ,I love it you'll bitch boy,
Hey Doug Ford, you Party pushing ass, I agree with Mr Sutherland, he must have been horrified to hear you compare yourself to his grandfather.
Also: Happy Father’s Day While we know you are a as far as we know you never murdered a .
what a cruel piece of human waste and all who follow him
These British South Asian Men Got Screwed by a Trump-Endorsed ‘Pyramid Scheme’
when will you admit that you are a fraud and that you have no idea what you're doing?
If you are Non-Bengali, your life is in danger! You may be killed by goon at any time!
: if BJ “wins” the Channel debate by not being there, then we can play this tune: You says it best when you say nothing at all definitely PM material, NOT!
conspiracy to commit campaign crime.
A rapist and a murderer walk into a (Twitter) Bar ... the state of 🤦‍️
We are waiting for yrs and your worst management, just destroying the world Cup. We are crazy about cricket, England you?
It seems that trump supporters don’t understand how “respect” works. It is earned through action and intention, not through accomplishments.
Focus On the Management instead Of Keepers Gloves
So when do you Trumpsters plan on burning all the books &amp; newspaper articles? This is how fascist dictator states start -by calling the press traitors when they don't print favorable articles of a leader. But you don't read anyway so it would not matter to you.
Which sports grounds are these?
and his evil spawn, DT,Jr. were cooperating w/an adversarial foreign government during the election, that's why they LIED repeatedly about having nothing to do with anyone from Russia. If they thought they did nothing wrong, they wouldn't need to LIE!
But I’d bet he’d try, publicly, to collect the bet on you! As if you hadn’t paid him yet. A is always a , publicly and privately. Of course his excuse will always be “Yet!”. Never mind you placed the bet on the outcome on Mueller Report! Shame !
The curse of Imran . The incompetence and total ineptness fully proved. This govt must be booted out before we become another Syria or Iraq!
Next time you know what to do.
The Liar in Chief just can’t stop lying.
That stupid ass haircut alone says it all ... once a always a douchebag . 🇺🇸
Dear ,Imagine A middle class guy plans to watch a World Cup match. He spends all his savings in this trip. He travels all the way to England -3 days before the match. On match day he comes to know that the match has been abandoned. How would he feel?
World Wide Demonstration for Beijing Olympic. (Japan)
Kerala Government with Women are not safe in communist kerala!
Birthday Party for One.
I cannot stop thinking about this! 🤬🤬🤬🤬 on
'Past visits by Johnson to Ireland don´t exactly inspire confidence.'
In solidarity with the movement. Will the centre do something about it? Does the state care about its life savers?
This is my message birthday message to that dumb ass Trump lol.
???? But why? Will the symbol affect his performance on bit? Hell No! He will remain the same lower-order batsman who will continue to bore us to death with his ultra-slow batting. Utterly silly outrage by bhakts.
geared up is okay. What's on the GLOVE? Are armed forces not allowed to play with their desired logos? or allows only Islamic symbols - does say Islam green and star is commercial logo? Will take that up?
What next ji ? Don’t put the flag on the blue jersey !!!??Because if the badge stirred the board or neighbours the flag will kill them ! I stand with
Fantastic planning in creating fixtures for england matches. Look at the weather predictions for and . Same venue but different days with different weather to be eected. Just directly hand over the trophy to england dan playin like this
TMC-MLA Abu Taher Khan threatens protesting medical students with rape and murder on camera. , if you're done licking buttholes you can start doing your jobs
And another.... Welcome to the puppet show my friends
Does this mean that Trump thinks of himself as John F Kennedy? Kennedy calls on all of us to bear the burden of a long twilight struggle ... against the common enemies of man: tyranny, poverty, disease, and war itself... Trump makes a mockery of our country.
Trump thinks he can use a Jedi mind trick on all of us....hahahahahaha
Wow. You lie so blatantly. It's as if you know the elections are rigged in your favor.
ends regulations. SHOCK AS TRUMP SIGNS EXECUTIVE ORDER THAT WILL END MOST REGULATIONS AND OVERSIGHT ON GENETICALLY ENGINEERED FOOD
Go back under the rock you just crawled out from.
love of words by
How bout seeing if you can convince your cowardly democratic colleagues to do their damn jobs?!
is there any chance of a game today or have you scheduled the games for a rain??
Ahhh did trump's feelings get hurt? Too bad it's and trump is
WC trophy replaced officially.
If sex is his priority then who can help him?
Donald continues to campaign against Hillary Clinton despite been told on numerous occasions that the election is over and Secretary Clinton does not currently hold any public office.
We have ZERO interest in playing GOD, so please don't treat us either as a GOD or as a DOG! If you deserve respect, so do we, nothing more and nothing less...
you just need to make sure you get at least other MPs on board! It's a simple choice imo: = stability = chaos I'm not a Tory but I know which I'd prefer.
I wonder if his cult/followers are going to watch it since it's not on their only news station, fox.
I think former President Nin said the same thing
Right! Then, we’re talking about instead of: and more...
Will become more infamous than Bendict Arnold. Mark my words.
funny how you say 'no collusion' for years now, but first chance you get, if offered info from foreign government, you collude. Most disgusting, unamerican excuse for a president. ,
Respected MEDICAL COUNCIL OF INDIA Please Add Life Saving Self Defence Techniques Like Kung Fu , Karates, Boxing Etc Also To The MBBS Curriculum Now On Cause While Saving The Patient The Doctor Needs To Save Themselves Too 🤕 🥋 🥼 🤐
Goa Medical College protests.
No law at all in
Well he was a bit late but he’s turned up
I am simply pointing out that writing something in an article doesn’t necessarily mean someone said it. Moreover, so what. He’s right. If young people voted they could change the world.
Finally!
. I am sorry about the present state of Bangal. It was India’s capital for literature, Politics, Religious activity etc. I feel people of Bengal are suffering for their own mistake of electing such people as their rulers.
Will not watch. Didn’t watch.
WHAT FOOL THIS IS
Cuomo: Trump is arguably endorsing illegal behavior
doctors have already resigned in . NRS SSKM National medical college RG Kar North Bengal college Murshidabad Rampurhat Burdwan
If it helps, they'll take it. If they have to pay for it, they won't. In other words:
Even is tired of as &amp; is leaving Mitch McConnell, Too, Welcomes Russian Interference
We eected severe for , shld review Life imprisonment, , protect
I already work two jobs and barely get to see my husband who also works multiple jobs we miss out on spending time with our daughter ALL because of inflation and trying to make ends meet!
blocked that monster right away. totally pissed that reddit asked him to do an AMA
was known for his quick cuts and running style when with (and before that at where he won the Now he's just known as a
But they didn’t deceive us!? Most of us knew it was a SHIT bill but we truly have no say! This life is just a simulation and it’s sad. But... imma live my best life and do dope shit regardless. I’ll figure it out! Oh btw...
Spread the ashes from the urn so that would cup can be played on ground not in a swimming pool
I tested my theory regarding Mueller Report. You can seriously pick any page and it's obstruction everywhere. Which is why Republican's always say 'no collusion' but never 'no obstruction'. Truth is scary.
Do we know which of the leadership candidates Hammond supports?
Its jst horrible how icc hv planed the matches its world cup not county or local leagues v wait for yrs to watch rain in England
But can he stop the rain?
We would be imprisoned in a heartbeat for this bullshit.
Rules &amp; Gloves of ..or may be a dance ritual by Some team for their God? Till these are made clear people will keep thinking rules are partisan
Anyone who share or listen to leaks of Please unfollow and block me cuz I don’t never ever wanna see the face of a Rapist
Good job Dems. Can’t get ANYTHING done with and the Repugs anyway. They won’t vote on anything.
So glad to see trending. Is America waking up?? Happy everyone!
Probably this situation coming fans be ready to carry
Your anger is justified &amp; completely understandable. The misogyny - if not outright hatred for women is infuriating as it is terrifying. To give a any right to anything - let alone a forced-birth offspring is cruel &amp; unusual punishment for the victim.
: ‘I didn’t give up on serving patients, but I still fear an attack’
They heal, operate, diagnose We consider them a part of the second God cosmos This is so appalling, shameful and gross We need to bring this violence to a close
Why should the nation suffer from mentally deranged psychotic leaders?? Have we as a nation failed to generate visionary leaders?
Boom like your fake attack on The Japanese ship you incompetent TV watching old nasty liar? Only way to get you up? Where’s Eric Prince?
I know 'demagoguery' is a big word for you, but Cranston was talking about YOU!!
His highness a fugitive like Mohammed Mansoor Ali Khan who has cheated ,000 poor Muslim families worth of ,000,000 amount &amp; he is in now Need your intervention they have broken financial backbone of Muslim need your support His Highness
Treason in the WH. Republicans in Senate all complicit
Seriously? We have laws to protect animals better than this! In nearly -degree heat, migrants still packed outside in camp at international bridge
| Infrastructure, GDP is a long term issue, right now the problem is safety of doctors: Pradeep Bhandari, Founder Jan Ki Baat
: Cricket fans eress frustration as record number of games get abandoned due to
Govt school adopted by IMA appointed unqualified teachers based on their investments
I miss having a president like who was smart, well spoken, educated, understood how governments work &amp; doesn't collude with foreign countries to win an election.
Saved my GB data to watch match and finally found this..
Snuggle in with your favorite homicidal maniac! This week, Jess covers the brutal acts of serial killer, Israel Keyes. Marci gets ragey as the details of his crimes unfold as well as the fatal mistakes that lead to his arrest.
Nope. Not the only one. Even when just listening on NPR, when they play a quote, I am immediately shutting it down.
need to focus on managment of world cup instead of dhoni’s gloves.
The American People Demand that the Treasonous Fake Potus Vacates our White House Immediately!
May this be your last birthday as a free man.
LOL...that will never happen...
Oh just dandy, yeah right!! Another repug to represent my state. Another lover! Thank you, said no one ever!
Dhoni is associated with Army logo wholeheartedly and this video is the proof of the same. So dear ICC, just back off.
Army General says the military have nothing to do with Dhoni's gloves controversy and that the ICC, and only the ICC, has the right to take any decision on it, but moronic hyper-nationalists would tell you that the ICC is wrong.
After I tell you to rot in hell, I’ll go back to pretending you’re there already.
No protests or so were held for Dr. Kafeel, Payal and incidences of violence on doctors (a lot by BJP). . IMA and all upper middle class, upper caste doctors now get outraged bcuz now it's Mamta Benerjee to target
‘Religious’ practices on the cricket ground is absolutely fine but how dare you wear the honour badge Lt.Col. Dhoni! How dare you? Hypocrisy is in trend these days. Isn’t it? Anyway Dhoni,we loved them.Your country &amp; stands with you.
Imran Niazi writes third letter to India’s PM Modi
wht if the final gets abandoned due to rain. Wht u gonna do? Split the trophy? Or a super over match?? Or simply give the trophy to england? Worst arrangement ever.
Literally everything you said is total bullshit. Poor thing.
Was just copying his format you .
Isn't this the same guy who was pissing himself in jail and 'losing his mind'. once again lying to prove false innocence
Dear , are you yet? America needs you in the White House. Sincerely, the United States of America. Please and thank you
Pic - icc chiefs Pic - watching mausam aaj tak
Senior cabinet ministers were reported to have hatched plans to force other candidates to withdraw from the race
Hello You should take some cricket planning and coaching lessons from Instead of wasting your time on Dhoni's gloves ull cud hv done some productive execution for the matches 🤫
There is no doubt that the Russians would be thrilled to see Boris Johnson succeed. They would have disrupters in both the White House and Number .
Dhoni sir never do any thing wrong So dear ICC plz dont ask him to remove that gloves
Woohoo!! Hope this is real! news - live: Mueller to give obstruction testimony 'very soon' as president makes rambling campaign speech ...
At this point, we have to wonder if has told more or committed more .
won in only because of the help from Russians and he is very willing for them to help him again.
ANOTHER DAY VOLUNTEERING AT THE VENICE MEDICAL SCHOOL. EVERYONE KEEPS ASKING ME IF THEY CAN FUCK THE LEECHES. BUDDY, THEY WONT EVEN LET ME FUCK THEM
Congress abusive language towards PM Modi in Parliament is unacceptable.. Punish the MP\n
Bill, what would you have said if Trump would have had the US military level one of Iran's bases? You are a fraud.
and oppon using to abuse PM. Kick them out for rest of the time
Shout, shout, SHOUT! What's the use? Can't make head nor tail of the so-called 'debate'. Waris is a twit. But Arnab joining in his screaming match? When the 'Republic' has to shout, it's a sure sign of anarchy round the bend. Get ready folks.
Fuck sake. Mums got a sore throat and she came to me and goes the doctor says I have an inflamed vulva I THINK YOU MEAN UVULA MUM
But the free, independent and brave media of Pakistan has pretended that nothing happened...so much for Pakistans dictated democracy and so much Pakistani muzzled media
Last time Muslim Representaves were present in doing something. They created Pakistan. \ncc :
YOU STUPID BITCH, \nYOU FILTHY SLUT! \nI'LL TEACH YOU TO \nFUCK WITH ME!
adult sharing video oral sex articles cat fuck gay video oral sex oral doctor usa video xxx dating uniform fucked daddy real online sex fuck bisexual oral translate india sex video
dating virgin teeny pussy fuck Hot indian sex scenes japanese school doctor sex video Fuck it girls version
... Those who are unhappy with Modiji, call him names should be asked to leave the country...Waris Pathan should be the first to leave along with Owaisi they won't find a place to live in this world as everyone will reject hypocrats like them.
In conclusion, if you are going to try and ruin our games at least know what the fuck you are talking about in the first place brainlets.
BREAKING: Huge blast in Rawalpindi, Pakistan at the city's Military Hospital where Pakistan Army was protecting jihadi terrorist as a patient. Azhar was involved in the on India.
(cmon Sarah, one more lie from you before you go.)\n\nOur president is a documented serial liar. Im inclined to believe Ms. Carol and not trust a word hes saying. \n\nThis:
Waris appears on TV with an AK-47 in the background, he is trying to appear as some jihadi warrior.
Back a man with no morals, no clue and could not give a fuck about anyone. Sounds a stupid idea.
I don't see any wrong in comparing Narendra Modi with Swami Vivekananda, only congis praise fools like who is good for nothing
Is having a FUCKING LAUGH? His plans to cut taxes from the rich are to come out of a proposed raise to employee national insurance? Why the FUCK do I have to pay more so that people richer than me can have even more money they dont fucking need?
You fool Bamla, if you don't know a language then speak in that language that you are fluent in.
Abuse can't obstruct the rise of India under the leadership of Ji. Looters of our country mustn't take the advantages of Democracy.
Its Shame for Congress ! These type of idiots should not be in politics , there should be some moral values in people who is so called leader/neta . . Arnab plz don't allow these people who doesn't have respect for PM/ President on national TV
How can a PM of a country be abused like this.?Gande keede hi Gande Nale ki baat karenge
Why do you call Gandi Naali fellows to the debate?
What the fucking fuck?
| Vikaas has gone to the dogs now. We will object if law is not followed: Waris Pathan- MLA, AIMIM & Advocate\n
You\'re making me late for work. He scoffed, getting up from bed and entering his closet.\n\nIt\'s a Sunday.\n\nI\'m a doctor and people live and die everyday. I\'m at work /7. He spoke. Besides, what the fuck did you think we were goung to do this morning, cuddle or some shit?
This Pathans n Srivastavs will never learn their lesson but what right they hv to abuse the President n the democratically elected PM... shame shame shame \n
Jesus suffering fuck! Hunt or Johnson. Hands up everyone who is now up for a shit load of chaos with Ed Miliband?
fuck u th doctor Fuck You
Really,\nAll are your businesses?\n\nThats why you people dont follow rules & becomes terrorist?
adult sharing video oral sex articles cat fuck gay video oral sex oral doctor usa video xxx dating uniform fucked daddy real online sex fuck bisexual oral translate india sex video
Doctor: do you smoke or drink?\n\nLad: only on nights out if my friends got smokes and a lighter too aha\n\nDoctor: Haha yes lad, fuck buying them bro Ill say nothing so
Now trump has to look for an even more evil guy to replace him. Draining the swamp ...
fat fucks gonna fat fuck\n\nJason would know plenty about that now, wouldn\'t he?\n\npaging Doctor Freud....
\nThe MP must be kicked out at once.
You could be dying and all you will hear from doctors is its a virus BITCH MY BABY HAS A TEMP OF how the fuck is that a virus. All she does is puke, oh wait its because shes teething hahaha ok.
Indias worst CM is working on his image, writes Shivam Vij , and elains why he thinks his opponents will let him succeed\n\n
\n\nPlease do something to defend our freedoms. Im blocked again in for pisting a joke about President Trump waking up realizing hes really a woman trapped in a toxic male body. \n\n\n\n\n\n
adult sharing video oral sex articles cat fuck gay video oral sex oral doctor usa video xxx dating uniform fucked daddy real online sex fuck bisexual oral translate india sex video
who the fuck puts milk on mashed potatoes
AOC is right and you are wrong.\nYou're just another shill for tRUmp at this point.\nYou should be ashamed of yourselves.
just inexcusable...an year vet pulling a helmet to helmet tackle on a QB slide
what a shame at time of heavy rain no special rain soak covers...At one side englishmen behaves like well behave but in contrast they do not have prepared well as all the funding by put them in corruption...at last our Much better than this...
R DOWN !
That's because is, was, and always will be racist. He should NOT be where he is today. He's such an idiot.
Its so bloody obvious How can anyone not know this stuff?
Please people if you're at do not be a total to the employees. They are not to blame for the craziness. .
from on if you looked up the word liar in the dictionary it would have a picture of and holding hands. Her name will forever be linked to the word liar just like Benedict Arnold is linked with . Good Riddance
it will be the biggest insult to India if Dhoni have to remove . We are paying the salaries of ICC. BCCI should have guts to say go to hell to ICC. I can assure ICC will be having begging bowl. We need to show ICC the right place.
He should still be serving out his murder conviction.
Biggest traitor in American history!
Always had immense respect but now have a sudden admiration for Sunil Gavaskar today! Brace yourself, Sir, for the barrage of insults &amp; trolls. Be prepared to have the Bhakt Army tear your accomplishments apart. You are now officially an 'anti-national'.
And an empty space in place of vacuous, bumbling, lying, racist . Clear why admires him.
I'd like to think we are better than this, but we elected a racist criminal, so maybe some of us are not.
Failure because citizens died eh? How many people have died through mass shootings in America under your watch?
Baki Jo bhi ho but you are from
Congrats. You win the most disgusting video of the year award.
Does bhakts have guts to trend ? Opportunist Canadian dalla
Are you feeling closer to impeachment and jail? Is that why you are lashing out!
After watching I feel so sad! This isn’t possible, but it was! really! And fuck everyone who is a racist! That’s not cool! We are one
Holy. Fucking. Shit. is an absolute menice to all that is good with our democracy and our nation. The worst part about it is, his Kool-Aid drinking deplorable followers will think this is OK.
Ps. The crisis in my country is YOU and the corruption and theasshole in the Oval Office. If $ is your god, go! If you have ANY sense of decency resign
Goons showing their private parts to lady doctors n interns and threatening them to be raped till death and attacked with acid And you don't say a word shame on you. No girl will call you DIDI now as your silence is disgrace as a lady!
Shes ...just like how this ... is a ........
CON is the only thing conservative about this Nationalist CULT
EXCLUSIVE: The Central Park Five’s Yusef Salaam calls Trump ‘the devil’ And he is!
Gross just like her 🤮
Of course you would... idiots always back up other idiots... if you had any sense, which clearly is not the case. You would put the PEOPLE FIRST and call a So WE HAVE THE CHOICE!!!
in addition to being mentally ill.
Lock up the sexual predator
The trump admin are pieces of trash that need to be thrown where they belong. No respect for life &amp; I have no respect for them. As a grandfather, trump should be SHOWING his grandkids the world not giving a*sholes like his sons licence to KILL every good thing in it.
'Patriotism is the last refuge of a scoundrel.' - Samuel Johnson As recounted by Boswell from an evening spent with Johnson in April . Boswell opines that Johnson wasn't denouncing all patriotism, only FALSE patriotism.
is fuckin - court forces survivor to allow to have visitation with children
hey Jackoff, you're not trusted now! ┌∏┐ (•˽•)┌∏┐
I’m ready for the Brad Marchand crying memes
Never trust a
I'm actually shocked that boris Johnson has children I cant comprehend it, someone reproduced with him.. hes a fool a dangerous fool!
What do you get the man who lies about everything?
Dude, we ALL heard what your party leader said. He confirmed, yet again, that he is CORRUPT. This gaslighting has got to stop.
Fact of the day, did you know that immigrants from Central America are Americans? Even the ones that the Trump administration puts in cages and kidnaps their children. They are Americans.
stands by , says should focus on Full Story:
New polling shows Pete Buttigieg would beat Donald Trump in the general election
WTF. ji's own nephew (and Kolkata mayor's daughter) are protesting as doctors. Are they too? Is she willingly ignoring blood relations for petty political gains?
Majority of American millionaires support a wealth tax on American millionaires
I yield my time to and .
Wow... bad enough is still alive &amp; in the White House.. Now a cold blooded killer has a page. I have truly seen it all. Gonna shut my eyes &amp; pray the horror show stops.
But Du30 will declare war against Canada over trash?
That is plain evil,&amp; UR dept took that minion's word with ZERO proof? UR as deranged as he is, and just as culpable as that killer! I've ALWAYS backed the Blue &amp; always will! But I'll never stand with those who are just as cruel/evil as criminals are!
It is not a secret, all of the world knows our President is compromised.
Whoops, too late!
OJ for press secretary! OJ has all the key attributes.... Natural born liar Natural born swindler Natural born KILLER! Come down Trump... What you waiting for!
I don't know of too many people who need to bc they never followed him in the first place, so may I suggest adding to the equation? And when he tweets something idiotic use screencap instead of RT...don't give him that satisfaction bc
'cause it's perfectly normal to carry around international trade/immigration agreements in one's breast pocket.
Happy John McCain day
Empty podiums make too much noise
Hey, You! Get off of my flag!
Back-stabbing son of a bitch.
My advice to and Patriots RT... Let's make it happen
Inhraham is as stupid and partisan as they come. She’s almost as repugnant as you. Almost.
In Fairness To , Is A And A ! By The Way Have Also Funded : , , (LeT) It's All About Power &amp; Religion: vs
Way to go!! Let’s continue supporting their work. I’m ordering the flask today!
can see badge but doesn't see the ground was not covered. Most developed Country in and call as the national sports Yet can't do anything for the biggest tournament. Learn something from
This is what your country will soon look like if you EVER let in-in any way‼️Finance/joint ventures/land ownership/infrastructure or G‼️Yes they own HK but we got complacent while Britain had it’s year lease-this is no longer the we knew!🇨🇳
Taking sides with the Russians again
To protest against who is an egoistic megalomaniac is completely fine. But where the hell was Indian medical association when kafeelkhan was witch-hunted by Yogi Adityanath.
The Worst World Cup Ever? My article
SHE'S 'HONORED' TO HAVE ADMITTED TO LYING FOR TRUMP? 🤢 Sarah Sanders on working at White House: ‘Honor of a lifetime’ via
.... and more morons than would have watched the without up the ass of the celebrate.
Yes! Does Trump love Playboy centerfolds? Opps I forgot, he said I did not put my hands on the ***y 🤔. NOT!
has set a new bar for eing treasonous government in plain sight.
Gotta find SOME way to throw a wet blanket on the party huh?
Is the Tory l/ship race a charade? They deserve to go extinct if this is their version of democracy. BJ not at debate - can’t he be bothered or his supporters fear his making a gaffe? We want a PM like this? An unelected buffoon.
of the Identity of Robert Kennedy’s READ MORE:
as an alternative...
Why is Dhoni wearing the glove such a big deal for ICC?
I'm officially dead. I lost my regular glasses so it's nighttime and I'm still wearing sunglasses.
JoeU for president
He has destroyed this country. We need him out. Dragged by his ugly orange roots and pissed on.
Can they refund tickets money ?? Not paid to visit rainy grounds of England
Didn’t he commit one to get elected. This is pathetic what this country is allowing this to get away with!
How the rest of the World Cup will be played
ाहारगइ now Mamata CM WB wants to meet injured Dr Paribaha Bannerjee. This means ultimately Mamata has lost. RT if you agree.
Is that it? Seriously? Is that your pitch? Is that your, 'mustn't be seen or heard', pitch?
I just threw up in my mouth a little bit.
'Rain halts the cricket match but not the memes ️'
''This is not India vs Pakistan This is IND-PAK VS RAIN
. welcome to a twitter . In case anyone forgot, just over years ago, OJ Simpson slaughtered two innocent people, one of whom was his ex-wife. While, after a circus of a trial, he was not found guilty, he was found to be responsible by a civil jury.
Donald Trump Jr. to be interviewed by Senate panel behind closed doors Wednesday
should be investigated for why they choose England as venue and at this time. Thai may turn to be a scam. Fans bought so eensive tickets year ago and the arrangements to cover grounds is wrost than club cricket.
My Poppy is better than your insignia?
Donald, foreign governments are not individuals, and you don't meet with them every day. Unless your meds need adjusting and you're hallucinating again.
Little girl crying because he couldn't be in a parade. Such a hypocrite bought a kid for a doll...
Nothing to say. He is Pakistan Cabinet Minister!!!!!?? How? Gandu the, gandu hain or gandu he rahega!!
I bet any of England matches wont be abandoned due to rain. All other countries should boycott this world cup
SAY NO
Interviewer- Why are you beating up the protesting doctors. They haven't done anything wrong. Policeman-
should start own world cricket council.
delivering about a
If you can watch ‘ when they see us’ and not shed a tear then you ain’t got a heart or soul. Absolutely Unbelievable what they Went through &amp; scary to think the amount of people it’s happened too &amp; they’ve never had justice.
Follow the blues ?or Follow the weather ?
I forgot , , , , , , , , , , , as f and
Amen! Good riddance indeed....Sarah and the Devil walking side by side!
now where are the officials and where is no need to remove the gloves at any cost
ICC doesn't care about the rain being the spoil sport because protected by rain insurance cover for Refund Process overs or less - % refund -Between to overs - % refund -After overs - No refund
YOU'RE the biggest scandal in the history of the United States of America. 🇺🇲🇺🇲
Why is it unqualified men in power always have an opinion on something they no nothing about &amp; want to enforce it? Ffs.....
Great. Here's a quick update from Canada: We hate (but not pumpkin pie, pumpkin-spice latté, The Great Pumpkin, or gourds in general; just that idiot dictator-wannabe who is trashing your reputation, America).
You are an evil man.
So.... when it happens to its a disgracefull spy-affair. But when it happens to his oponents is oppo-research.... riiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiight.
. We on the Jedi Council agree... ... if he’s lucky
Hmm, Matt Hancock is backing Boris Johnson as the next Prime Minister. Looks like he's taking the 'If you can't beat them, join them' mantra rather seriously.
U CAN LIE ALL YOU WANT, but there is no escaping justice. You are only delaying the inevitable. We the people will prosecute you, convict you, &amp; jail you and ALL of your co-conspirators. Your time left being a free traitor is short.
I think he's done quite enough already
My dad used to sail on tankers like that one as a Bosun. He said they had to be careful not to cause a spark when they worked on deck. All of you warmongering at the eense of people who are just trying to do their job.
Why you are not opening your wide mouth?
. ICC on Dhoni's gloves Vs .ICC planning the World Cup
Getting even like a knife to the neck
Your fear is showing again. You tweet like the mad man you are when either things are not going your way or big info is going to come out soon.
He won't leave = LOCK HIM UP! LOCK HIM UP! LOCK HIM UP! LOCK HIM UP! LOCK HIM UP! LOCK HIM UP! LOCK HIM UP! LOCK HIM UP! LOCK HIM UP! LOCK HIM UP! LOCK HIM UP!
| 'We are doctors, we are not CPM, we are not BJP, we are not outsiders, we are doctors!,' say protesting doctors at NRS Hospital in Kolkata refuting West Bengal CM Mamata Banerjee, even as doctors from across India stand with them
If all remaining get washed : NZ - Ind - Eng - Aus - WI - SL - Pak - Bang - SA - Afg - Semi Final Aus vs NZ (If rain continues), NZ Eng vs Ind (If rain continues), Ind Final Ind vs NZ (If rain continues), India-NZ will win jointly 🤣🤣.
This isn’t the OJ hour...STFU and STF down...
John Dean: I'm honored to be on Trump's enemies list
The only shit I hear is what comes out of your mouth
people I follow have followed OJ Simpson. You know who you are.
isn't it fitting that she steps away on a lie the same as she stepped in on a lie? and is betraying America!
England won the toss and decided to swim first.
Cross-posting from a friends FB post: 'Please supply the names and addresses of two referees whom we may approach, ideally one from your school or college and one from a former employer:'
. is an admitted criminal who sees nothing wrong with foreign interference in our elections. That's O.K. if you are a Republican and winning at all costs is what's important To Hell with Democracy.
What a shit show. how can you be okay with this? No exclusion for rape victims but support for 's parental rights? ://
Yesterday England got points bcz of Rain Lost..
You need to focus on the Lower Level of Umpiring in World Cup instead of Dhoni's glove.
Hey Your economy is tanking! Your economy is collapsing Happy Fathers Day, failed businessmen
Trump accidentally reveals part of his alleged secret deal
Bad habits.Heart &amp; liver bad. Patient dies in hospital. Bad trains.Accident. Patient dies in hospital. Let's hit the doctor. We are those Who will never question system Never hit bad drivers.
Some of the most brightest minds walk in the yard of ! It’s is the responsibility of the University to provide a safe environment for those minds to thrive and be leaders. The world don’t need and those who support rapist as leaders! Our leaders set the path!
I think depending on a Criminals Past and be definitely on cases of Repeat Offenders . Keep getting out of prison repeatedly for doing same offense when is
Now i am worried for my life not patients if this mentality of people continues doctor will not take risks to save the patient even he will not touch the patient because of fear of getting punch and freehaemorrhage 'and injustice
What to do about a and a party that supports him
First learn to type without errors then give gyan doesn't need certificate from anyone on his patriotism
No shock! They could have offered Namaz in locker room or anywhr else, why Cricket ground? Obviously that puts restriction on others (u wont agree). If religion is private affair why showoff and impose?
but don’t get deluded like idiots aka who can only come up with some waffle about the empire and zero based on reality to stop in its tracks.
Why are they covers for the entire field. Cant you spend some money now and make sure the whole ground is covered. And be flexible with the timings.
And you trust .
TUBMANS
Go away
orders to pay his , , just in compensation - Jun :49 AM ET
Far-Right Cell Planned Attack On Jewish Event In Paris
Prize ceremony time of It's look Amazing
uses hiding as a tactic. Did it after referendum too.... It's pathetic. What a wimp!!!!
A white coat has no color Dont divide doctors into political party
This is all accurately perfectly written —But calling him a pervert isn’t exactly good enough. He’s a
Notice how he still uses the same words and phrases today when he's clueless, lying and grifting? 🤔
Wow! Just wow!
Urgent request. Please pass ordinance for punishing violence against doctors. Immediately
this is the best way that would've gone after washouts, to have organised such a bizzare No words can describe how terrible this has been on the part of Only money &amp; no emotions is a real virus to cricket
No. Its called a registry if you do that and is remniscent of Hitler and Nazi tactics to disarm citizens. It won’t ever happen here.
such an idiot. Let’s see how spin his idiocy THIS TIME.
More ripping families apart for political reasons. This is outrageous
I think you mean achomlishments.
-&gt; called to say that's not how it works, you can change yourself not reality. to actual fathers. faux king
I’m not sure why ArianA Grande drove a MAC Miller to suicide ! It has been months and to this day it pains me ! Mac was so talented ! While his family mourns she basks in the spotlight of her tacky singles ! Just trash !
I don't think it's a case of him not daring to appear but of his minders knowing what a risk it is every time he opens his mouth. Who will control him if he becomes PM?
Enjoy Missy, Beautiful here in the city that never sleeps, Great protest here at Foley Square. funny thing no Pro-Trumpsters no hats. Chants of
Yup all thanks to Trump
What is this.... Where was ICC then.
Thanks for fund raising on the promise of Obamacare repeal from Republican voters only to screw them over by deciding it was more important to put yourself first just to screw Trump in a personal vendetta. A RINO LIKE YOU! 'preciate it.
you suck!!! Left your team alone!!!
Awww.....so unlucky mahn... No place for peace here..
Let's not forget that just found out and tried to deny the existence of SHITTY poll numbers too!
Happy John McCain day everyone.
Hidden figures? Like your hidden vote to repeal sanctions against Oleg Deripaska and Rusal? Guess you support Russian Oligarchs and Communists.
Never before has a press secretary been so dishonest!
Whi bat hai sir ...ye kren to bhut shi gesture mana jaega . Everybody will appreciate it and encourage it to do it again but if the same thing Indians do, they try to make it controversial . But what is unnecessary is unnecessary.
. uses the word because he hears it so much. 🤣
Madbum is such a
She's not a lawyer...lolol🤣🤣🤣🤣 she &amp; her murderous other half had their licenses yanked a long time ago. Hell I believe if you can't be civil enough to keep a law license...WTH She's a &amp;
Is that a question or exclamation?🤷‍️🤷‍️🤷‍️
Alabama banned abortion for rape victims. It's also protecting rapists' parental rights. - The Washington Post No one person should have a right to a child based on a violent act of rape!
did Jesus make you do it?
Thanks Kenley Jansen
What a
She should never have left Italy. She should STILL be locked up there.
Your wife cannot be trusted either. Do you eress that to her Geo? She's got us doubting your own motives. No one associated with this admin has credibility. Not just in this country but across the globe. Enemies and (used to be ) allies alike.
You let outside opinions effect situation.
This incompetent and arrogant idiot can't get anything right . An International embarrassment for us! ِ_اعظم
Because....
What in the hll is wrong with her!
having equal rights with functional members of society &amp; hopes for the bright future = mutually exclusive
Dear , Don't be biased for English players. If they can support their armies, then why not our players Question is for you
Am I better off since was installed by the Russians? Slightly yes. The growth of my wealth has dominised under . He does not know hoe economics work. We are so screwed.
Is this a lie too? Good riddence piece of . Now if only would go.
R. Kelly is a Child Molester and Sexual Predator Lock R. Up!!
When ppl wear religion on their faces in cricketing world, no1 objects. They wear d logos of cigarettes n alcohol adds, it doesn't matter to anyone. Y they want to snatch Dhoni's freedom of respecting his country's Armed Force ? Height of hypocrisy n meanness.
Yoah this fucking pisses me off!!! she put the baby down then what. Y’all threatens to shoot her while she had the baby in her hands. Y’all gonna call cps on her and say she neglected the child.
Hi , what a coincidence, the majority of Scottish people think that self-serving compulsive liars like yourself should not be allowed to be prime minister.
Dear if uh r capable of removing that from daily routine then do whatever it takes and i bet uh he will never keep that symbol apart from him.. Even his daughter's t-shirt says- 'my dad's a para'. Then who uh r
What is more boring than waiting for match when rain interrupt? Watching West indies bat. Who plays defensive shots when a part timer comes
Depressing and frightening
Sounds like Netflix has a credibility issue.
Yes but this sort of thing is wearing very thin &amp; and you can't get away with it now
oval office moron embarrasses u.s. again.
Today is Birthday wish Him a Happy Birthday instead of trump... To trump we say ...
What happened to bringing jobs back to America?
is shit. Can't even schedule matches properly. should have either started a bit early or a bit late. used to commence before the IPL. Number of matches abandoned in is more than the total number of matches abandoned in the previous .
the only solution of is that hang till death. this place is not for these kind of demons.
How do you eect them to have chins if their daddy has a double chin, plus his daughters vagina underneath his face ? 🤷‍️🤦‍️
Of course, , , , and serial sexual predator of women, will do nothing about this as he has complete contempt for the rule of law, unless he can use it as a tool to bash an opponent!
Tomorrow is ’s birthday... Let’s celebrate June ... as
Since , Dear Farmers and Dear Sewage Cleaners, you guys too stop working. Don't cultivate, don't clean. Let's see how many intellectuals, how many national media guys stand with you on Twitter and Facebook without eating, peeing, and pooping.
The way its raining in India's match along with other deserving country also, don't think England have to work really hard to make it to top . Poor english
days days will rain in England then why have the given the hosting rights to when knew this
I'm curious, have you been speaking Russian so long you've forgotten English?
Shut it up Chuckles! How about those dads who now have one less child thanks to them being murdered by illegals. Leave it to a Democrat to turn Father’s Day into politics.
Ah yes Facebook memories where I get reminders of how much of a dickhead I am.
says that when he completes the end of his second term in the that the American people will be begging him to stay for a third. Do you agree?
Republicans just might block your tariffs!
'Our countries'????
We demands for safety at work place it's a fundamental right of every worker,but politicians made it communal
. You defend a traitor to the USA.
This is INSANE!
' Is Behind Bars But The Is Another ' via
Abu Taher Khan, MP, AITC threatened Junior Doctors of MURSHIDABAD MEDICAL COLLEGE &amp; HOSPTITAL Publicly and provoked others to attack. Shame Legislator shame... We r not afraid of such threatening..
Since it's your birthday
Another one bites the dust....
Indians do not have any connection with the logic in any way. is a useless campaign. Better sense should prevail. Its a cricket game, play it with sportsmanship and dont try to be Chaudhary of cricket. Adivce from Pakistan
If so (and I don't agree) it's only because the bloody media is conducting his campaign for him, instead of being responsible, analytical and challenging.
YOU, are the ENEMY OF HUMANITY!
Send us a link to a report on the -0 vs the u15's.... Oh that's correct, you've made that up
Blame the WB govt but Sadly the Protest and genuine demands of doctors have been hijacked by BJP. Doctors are getting beaten allover India including BJP ruled states. Where was the concern when Dr Khaleel was jailed .
The best answer to activism. Get ,000 T-Shirts / Caps printed with the &amp; distribute among the spectators tomorrow. Flood the stadium with .
The mere sound of his voice disgusts me ..... I'm triggered. I sent him this and told him to make it his page header as a tribute to the lives that he took.
worst planning, no ground cover going in the lines of world cup in the west indies as a super flop rain show . &amp; run by jokers with no organising skills
This man completely nailed Mamata, her politics and her hypocrisy.
put him in jail!
As a Tennessean, I am disgusted by your action. and so are you.
Didn't even condemn the attackers once &amp; gave no assurance to the doctors You know why because she wants to protect her Still &amp; its president doesn't have D spine to condemn /3
It’s time for ICC to focus on improving umpire standard in world cup instead of Dhoni’s gloves.
Here’s a shit show. There still trying to beat the Hillary dead horse. We have seen indictments and is the people all around Trump and if he wasn’t president he be in line also. He won’t be president forever the state of New York can’t wait for that day.
Sir We met you at your homefor helping us? its more than2 year. Till date no support from CID and no judgement from honurable court and no support from How long you want to watch such scams?
Well, Johnson is actually always bumbling into and out of things...
is anything but a 'man'. What he IS is a and a . this . Continued
Listen to your husband, he is more important than Trump
Attention America: Trump lied to you..... again.
This is rich coming from a douchbag that steals $ from the cancer charity
Dear Modi Supporters, Relax n Trust He's there for you doesn't mean He's only for you. No Modi is bigger than Dharma, Modi too believes this. You too start believing.
ICC is biased against India, so only solution to teach ICC a lesson is for India to immediately pack its bags and boycott ICC world cup.
It's deeply political &amp; staged by . tried Hindu Muslim angle within hours. When it failed machinery started demonizing Why did EC appointed KP pull security from hospitals?
So poor managment by icc
Trump and Bibi Are Evil Twinsies. Both are Autocratic Dictator wannabes who only care about themselves!!
Yes you are a spineless coward!!!
has no problem with the entire Pakistan cricket team marking territory by praying on the cricket field (part of Muslim ritual prayer) but find insignia on 's gloves inappropriate. 🇮🇳
You’re no brains. Free speech. Here’s more: Many people are saying........
This world cup should be ban !! Rain rain rain motherfuckerr ICC Shift this world to another country or ban this world cup
Since the orange buffoon accuses McGahn of a crime, why continue the 'executive privilege'??? Shouldn't rescind it, &amp; let him deal with the perjury charge? Trump can't have it both ways.
WTF, a is getting award? Dear we will stand with anything u do, but these kind of sins, we will never stand. Please take action
If we had a basic intelligence test for POTUS, ⁦⁩ would not be infesting our ⁦⁩ since he’s dumber then a rd grader. attacks Nasa and claims the moon is 'a part' of Mars. ⁦⁩
One by one accidents are happening but actions are limited in rule book only. Why rapists are not being hanged by judiciary? There is no fear in heart of . It's really a million dollar when the eye will open of law makers and judiciary too.
Terrified of actually being a man of character...
will go down in history as the LIAR who tried to gaslight America, shared a doctored video, and so much more, all in service of a . hit the nail on the head, 'maybe she's born with it, maybe it's lies.'
She lost her mind. Hey god plz save us from those goons
we don't give a damn if this offends him and nobody else should, either! Grow a pair ! You're too cowardly to release his taxes and should be held in contempt and in jail for every day you refuse to release them. You're a coward, we want the $20Tubman!
...first improve ur gully umpiring.....and talk about any obligations ...
Psst no 'do over', continuing. You're nervous AF huh? Oversight shouldnt bother you as you're all about transparency, right? It's who obstructs&amp; doesn't have ability to govern.
Thought for a minute his name was PRICKARD and thought yep...that elains his intellect.... then put on my glasses on and realized he's just a
Hitler...anyone...anyone...this is Hitler shit...this is Hitler.
Unfollowed
No, no, no....you are NOT America’s Dad
Of course, too many unsold books
cockroaches will always be cockroaches
You lie!
Dont watch it then.
Yes u buggers Look d weather during Match. It's a total conspiracy against all other team. choose their venue where chances r Zero. How come eng never faced Rain?
What about our fake president? He lies so much and is so stupid he doesn't even know how stupid he is.
When you lets the news outlets tell your story...stop letting the news paint false narratives of our black ppl..But for dumpster rapist gets a nice portrait
You’re a white person who promotes the racist agenda of MAGA and you’re telling people to “stop with the race card” 🤦‍️ You must live in that world where all the other fartman lovers live... DENIAL LAND!
Sanctuary city banning you would be the best idea!
short man cop syndrome.
DM should be brought under GoI control. Full of corrupt, compromised timids who for the sake of money always letting patriots down. Failed to take head-on in this matter of national pride. Shame!!.
admitting he would be willing to compromise electoral sovereignty in the country he purports to preside over should anger all Americans. It is openly treasonous and an insult to every person who has fought to defend our institutions.
Cannot disclose until the fake case she filed is quashed. AS long as it's on.. she's a 'Victim'. And karan roams with hashtag of until proven innocent. And even after.. people will still associate him with it.. so UNFAIR.
This time last year we had no manager, no Taylor, practically no team and look where we are now, one statement later and everyone turns into a bunch of melts..! Some fans need to grow the fuck up, this is football, this is , this is what we do..!
That is his golf cart rental bill...
‘I Can No Longer Continue to Live Here’ This is where we are today because of and the evil policies of , , , and serial sexual predator of women, . America has closed its doors to genuine victims.
How ashamed are you for the phone hacking scandal?
praying namaz on the field is nothing but wearing gloves with a symbol of sacrifice is a violation of rules . Great stuff, hypocrisy at it's best
And republicans compare this gold-digging 'I'll do anything to stay in this country' stripper to Jackie Onassis! You are so right, some trashy shit. It's disgusting that Russians put this crap in the WH.
Isnt your well being worth the wall Dont you want welfare for your homeless veterans teachers who dont teach Take back your warfare house care give a F a change &amp;close the boarders Keep out
How about WE take care of the CHILDREN we already have?!? BTW.......how many children has the Fostered???????
Money can't buy class. He has no class and never will be anything but a low life.
And isn't responsible for your Safety cuz you don't have any respect for so why would they sacrifice their life for you. Stop doing These cheap stunts to gain some invaluable fame
President Bankrupt is pulling us down with him....
you Don’t have the attention span to read the daily comics through let alone the Mueller Report. What a liar!
You don't have to shout to get killed in Even wearing a , or saying Paracetamol can get you killed by backed goons. Just to confirm 'They are doctors not Terrorist'
RIP &amp; your is on twitter
This is what your country will soon look like if you EVER let in-in any way‼️Finance/joint ventures/land ownership/infrastructure or G‼️Yes they own HK but we got complacent while Britain had it’s year lease-this is no longer the we knew!🇨🇳
You murder far more people with your immoral support of abortion (murder) than guns will ever kill in US.
Chutiye What about the biggest health scam industry these ‘doctors’ run in India? they should be ashamed of themselves
Really is that why fox cut you off when you ztart your crazy talk wow even your propaganda wing is throwing you under the bus. Looks like your the actual enemy of the people. Fucking bell end.
Still looking for the real killer??
Hope they don't becomes
Hey George; your wife is a lawyer right? Isn’t she risking disbarment by violating the Hatch Act? If she stepped down, would you turn her back to the good side of the force? Will she be the one to take Trump down?🤔
is such a . He would have really gone places in the Third Reich.
This is something everyone should worry about, because Trump isn't joking. He has no intention of leaving.
Sorry about that. Has anybody got a emoji. Tried searching on emojis but didn't seem to recognise the word, even tried hyphenating..
You know, I really want to tweet something negative to but I won't because I know that's what he wants us to do.
No patriotic American will ever stop wanting to see criminals behind bars.
I wouldn't want him following me.
Mam. Pls don't promote a Private University whose owner is a . Rather share some good news which Faculty Of Social Work, MSU has achieved.
I’m sorry you are so I’ll-informed! It is a crime to take foreign government’s help in order to influence an election and YOUR president said he’d commit that crime to get re-elected!!
What's the deal with Griezmann and his way of revealing things. Big promo to stay hes staying then a big promo to say hes leaving now another to reveal his next club.
THANK YOU. And only stopped funding the dossier because Trump was projected to be the nominee. Even the conservatives didn't want him as President.
Hey Binx, fuck what that asshat thinks! Look at his profile...
No surprise there. Warner’s a classic “do as I say, not as I do” guy.
if u and ur govt have little shame and believe in humanity, then act against inhuman act. It is not about religion, but it is about humanity. One religion can't teach us to tortured and rape citizen. Time will teach u lesson if u don't take action.
is Putin’s Puppet!
Full of fools.. ICC
You’re really stabbin...er, grabbin straws here. Go away
The US-Mexican border, where established moral leadership and national pride descends and falls into the hades abyss and mixes with dragon dung, rises with the stench of , and compels the decent folk to spew their soul.
I seem to remember a radio show that called you to offer dirt on President Trump. You sounded pretty eager for it.
All Eng matches are on dry pitches &amp; sunny days, and others have been gifted with green tops with wet outfields &amp; gloomy weather conditions... Schedule is 'well fixed' for by our who finds Dhoni's Balidaan gloves more important than this
It seems the Rain &amp; thunder god only like to see playing on the field! Why such discrimination, eh! 🤨🤣
Raped in Days Some Say That Muslims are Scared in
That's cute and all, but absolutely NOT TRUE! That's not how it works LYING about it won't help you
a recession issa comin'
Will 'The Mad n Irrational Dictator' Mamata Banerjee listen to Dr. Harsh Vardhan when she has not picked up telephone calls of Prime Minister and Governor of West Bengal?
or more like RUNDIA, place of and
Could this be our new Prime Minister?
